
Apu: Messaging .. it's a blue icon smiling 
Me: Wasn't  sure if you used a third party app 😑
Apu: Yes third party app lol
Me: You're being so helpful 😑
Apu: Who isn't helpful 
Me: A lot of people.....including  you
Apu: I'm nothing but helpful at 3am.. btw.. golf in a few hours ?
Me: Yeah I'm sure they'd be open 
Apu: Yah never knowowowow 
Me: Oh I know!
Apu: I'm naked fyi
Me: Well isn't that how you always are when you are home alone and around nick
Apu: Well that was in general for you but yeah you right 
Me: So thoughtful of you....
Apu: I always think about you when I'm naked 
Me: Did nick steal your phone?
Apu: No its me
Me: That's exactly what someone that stole your phone would say
Apu: Erections 
Me: Must be Apu. Nick is more mature
Apu: NEVER HAPPEN 
Me: Right....
Apu: HOW COULD YOU BELIEVE THAT 
Me: Believe what?
Apu: His maturity 
Me: Idk but I did prove that I'm talking to Apu 
Apu: NO IT AIN'T 
Me: Only you would be offended  by me saying nick is more mature
Apu: If you knew nick you would know how unbelievable  that is.
Me: I know how crazy it is
Apu: SO WHAT AM I 
Me: Human
Apu: Show.me proof of your causation 
Apu: Accusations 
Me: I have to prove you're human?
Apu: If you come golfing you will 
Me: When?
Apu: Now 
Me: Give me 20
Apu: Olay 
Apu: Okay
Me: Ready whenever 
Apu: #Yankees say its official: RHPs Caleb Cotham and Rookie Davis and INFs Eric Jagielo and Tony Renda for Chapman #Reds
Cashman knows rape is illegal right ???

Me: Haha he might not
Apu: That's insane
Me: In a good way
Apu:  In 2015, Betances-Miller-Chapman combined for 212 IPs/347 Ks/14.7K per 9.
Me: Sounds like you are complaining...
Apu: IT'S AMAZING.
Apu: I'm stunned they got it done .. I guess the dv ain't worth it for reds 
Me: Cushman pulled some favors 😉
Me: *Cashman
Apu: Well he'll probably get 50 games but I bet miller is gone now .. miller gardy for Strasburg please 
Me: On a more important note, I fixed the blurriness on my computer. Chrome is perfectly clear
Apu: HOW
Me: Go to>Control Panel
>Appearance and Personalization
>Display
>set a custom scaling level
>100%


Me: iTunes is also perfectly clear. My default scaling was 125%. Weird 
Apu: Twitter lol I have beat writers on alert for trades 
Me: I figured. Let me know if my fix works for you
Apu: It'll be a few hours .. shopping 💃💃
Me: Sounds like you're having fun 😂
Apu: I got my jacket in 10 minutes...now waiting on friend to spend hours on pants and shoes 
Me: Girl?
Apu: Yessum
Me: More than a friend???
Apu: Rachna lol not even a little 
Me: Hahaha maybe you made moves on some random girl in the past few days. Like I'd know
Apu: You'd be the first to know 
Me: Well of course
Apu: Tell me a good shoe store pickup line 
Me: Someone that works there or shops there?
Apu: Shops 
Me: Can I tie your shoes? I don't want you falling for anyone else
Apu: Yah stole it 
Me: What do you mean?
Apu: You did not come up with that 
Me: You never said original pickup line
Apu: I just expect it from yah 
Me: You expect a lot from me
Apu: Is that bad 
Me: Nope. Just stating a fact
Apu: So So it fixed it lol
Me: "So so" as in it's not a perfect fix?
Apu: http://m.pocketnow.com/2015/12/29/lawsuit-iphone-4s
Yah could've been rich 

Me: So how much money would I get?
Apu: I have no clue 
Me: Well it definitely wouldn't have made me rich lol
Me: Feeling better?
Apu: Only a little bit 
Me: Damn! That's unfortunate 
Apu: Now it's just random stuffy nose but one day back with my parents and they're already sick too 
Me: I'm sure they blame you
Apu: You know it
Apu: Tyler had a moment today 
Me: What?
Apu: His Facebook opinions are exceptionally influential to changing the world -_-
Me: Damn! I didn't know he had these views. I don't know how I feel about what he said but it's absurd. I hope he was high or drunk while writing this
Apu: 3pm.on a thursday....
Me: I'm open to all possibilities. I'm not trying to defend him but I hope for his sake there is an explanation to make him not sound so crazy. How I'm interpreting what he is saying is that he has no clue what he is talking about
Apu: I mean if you have those thoughts, fine, but social media ain't the way bruh
Me: Well yeah. I wonder what initiated this rant
Apu: Maybe someone tried to hold his hand
Me: He didn't go on rants when I tried. Just kidding. But he doesn't have the positive influence of me in his life. 

Apu: None of us do 😢
Me: How can I make it up to you?
Apu: Something erotic
Me: I guess I'll just have to surprise you
Apu: Anything you do that would be classified as erotic would be a surprise 
Me: Well I never agreed to doing something erotic so don't get your hopes up
Apu: So agree with me then 
Me: I do agree
Apu: GREAT. I LOOK FORWARD TO THE EROTICA
Me: I agreed that something erotic would be a surprise but I didn't agree to making that the surprise
Apu: Why must you split hairs 
Me: Is there ever a time we don't get caught up in semantics?
Apu: There was like one time ....
Me: Sounds about right
Apu: So I'm returning the Asus 😢
Me: Why???
Apu: Damn thing is defective .. broken cmos battery and ear bud system.. and stuff crashes easily 
Me: Hmmm I don't have any issues. Getting full refund?
Apu: Yes, I think I got a dud but from playing with it and also having my work macbook, gimme the mac
Me: What was that Indian snack food you gave us? It was long noodle like and crunchy haha
Apu: Chuck-re
Me: I saw some Indians with a Tupper ware container of it
Apu: DID.YOU STEAL ANY 
Me: I wish
Me: Wait we are friends?????
Apu: I mean I'm fine with being JUST lovers but yes I prefer to think of us as just friends too.....
Me: Haha. I'm pretty sure we've been friends longer than 5 years....
Apu: 6 
Apu: Years
Me: So we weren't friends when we were really young?
Apu: We weren't lovers ...
Me: Has becoming single made you question everything about your life?
Apu: When I'm not single I can supress it...
Me: Well if you didnt, then you'd probably be single again
Apu: Which is where I am now 
Me: Yeah but being single is not bad
Me: Check your fucking snapchat 
Apu: It's fucking blurry!
Me: Maybe
Apu: Where are yahhhh?
Me: Pittsburgh 
Apu: Yah spelt branchburg wrong
Me: I'm sorry babe
Apu: It's okay dear, you can make It up to me 
Me: Oh I will!
Apu: How so 
Me: It'll be a surprise
Apu: I like surprises ===D ~~~ 😌
Me: Of course you do
Apu: How's the Pitts 
Me: Good. Not my type of city
Me: though
Apu: Cause its a shithole...ain't no branchburg 
Me: It is a shit hole. Other cities are so much nicer
Apu: What's out there that brought you over 
Me: Friends 
Apu: But....why don't they go down to v.t. 
Me: Because there's not much to do at vt
Apu: THERE'S ALWAYS DIRTY JERZ
Me: It's so far away
Apu: Closer then Pitt ?
Me: No. Pitt is 5 hours from VT. Home is 7 hours
Apu: ...you should speed more 
Me: There were a shit ton of cops in West Virginia 
Apu: Hmm not what I would've guessed 
Me: West Virginia is the worst
Apu: Why???
Me: It's a shit hole with a lot of cops
Apu: Lol sums it up.. there's nothing to do?
Me: I live in Virginia. Not West Virginia so I don't know 
Apu: Same shit 
Me: Maybe you are thinking that I live in the western part of Virginia 
Apu: .....exactly ?
Me: I was trying to give you the benefit of the doubt
Apu: I'm good at geography !
Me: Right....
Apu: The capital of Africa ... da congo
Me: You know so much about geography, it's almost like you googled it
Me: Not sure how I feel about this
Apu: Back up when Geno gets released 
Me: Yeah....but also assuming Fitzpatrick doesn't disappoint
Apu: He's gotta sign first .. and still got byrcr petty
Apu: Maybe trade and get Bradford 
Me: We don't want Bradford 
Apu: Better than Geno and probably petty 
Me: They're all disasters waiting to happen
Apu: How far are you from D.C.
Me: Just over 4 hours
Apu: Oh. I'm in d.c., nationals + tourism 
Me: Yeah can't exactly get there this weekend. Hopefully I'll be home memorial day weekend 
Apu: For how long ????
Me: The weekend. So not even 4 full days
Apu: crapppp.  Stay an extra day.. 
Me: I have a shit ton of work to get done in the lab
Apu: But I'll be in California :(
Me: But why???
Apu: Henah graduation + Yosemite + giants/padres baseball
Me: Where's she graduating from?
Apu: Pepperdine in Malibu 
Me: Interesting.....
Apu: Online and in person mix..you should come 
Apu: Be my plus 1
Me: Be your online plus one?
Apu: Hey
Apu: Hi 
Apu: Hello
Apu: Butt
Me: Hola
Apu: Bonjour 
Me: I haven't been called butt in a long time
Apu: Better start grabbing it then 
Me: Grab whose?
Apu: Mine 
Me: What if I don't? 
Apu: I be depressed 
Me: Man your English has really gone down without me around 
Apu: It's the hippie dippy California dockyards 
Apu: Fucktards, not dockyards 
Me: Might be better than the rednecks near VT 
Apu: I would wager you prefer s.f. or l.a. or s.d. over .... wherever the hell v.t. is 
Me: Yeah haha
Apu: Wanna get late dinner tonight ;)
Me: Well we are celebrating Lauren's birthday so it probably won't happen 
Apu: When do you leave tomorrow ?
Me: Not sure. Some time in the afternoon 
Apu: Oh good then we'll get brunch and be white n stuff 
Me: We'll see
Apu: But I don't wanna see. I wanna do
Me: Well I don't know what the plan is with the family 
Apu: Well. You could extend an invitation to your extended browner family and me and Lauren are mad tight so.....................................
Me: If you two are so tight, why not get the invitation from her?
Apu: She hasn't called me back in 18 years 
Me: Oh really...it sounds like you guys were tight for a long 5 years
Apu: The first five years yes 
Me: The first 5 years of your life. Interesting...
Apu: Lauren was very jmpacrful during the formative years 
Me: How so?
Apu: Well from time to time she would give me really empowering storied about persistency and grace. It really was helpful later on in life 
Me: I'm sure that's what got you through school
Apu: Nope. I learnt about tannins in food and Roman architecture 
Me: From Lauren or school?
Apu: Which do u think
Me: School
Apu: ...touche.. though we've talked about Rome before so the szabo family had taught me plenty h 
Me: I have taught you plenty
Apu: ...such as 
Me: Everything 
Apu: Such as...
Me: I told you: everything
Me: What are you up to?
Apu: Finished unpacking finally 
Apu: Did you eat ?
Me: Nope
Apu: Brunchhhhhh
Apu: Gimme 15, where yah wanna goo?
Me: Your choice
Apu: Uh uh...uh....hold on 
Apu: How long do you havd ?
Me: A couple hours
Apu: Princeton it is 
Me: Why?
Apu: Why not 
Me: I don't know 
Apu: http://www.pancakes.com
Me: Ok
Apu: Yaaay coming down in 2
Apu: Here 
Me: You were wrong. Subway sandwiches range from 500 to 1200 calories
Apu: With 
Me: You said they were only 500
Apu: Up to 1200, what's the 1200
Me: Chicken Bacon ranch melt
Apu: Are yah back yet 
Me: Why would I be back on a thursday?
Apu: ...why not 
Apu: Are yah back before Sunday 
Me: I don't knowI'll be back late friday

Apu: Wanna go to old timers day Sunday ?
Apu: Got an extra ticket 
Me: Gotta check. Not sure what plan is with family 
Apu: Lemme know soon otherwise I'll have to hit on you in citi field and that's just no fun for anyone 
Me: Citi field?
Apu: Yeah where the shits play 
Me: Mets old timer day?
Apu: I don't think they do ghag
Me: Are you sure it's at Citi?
Apu: ..I think we're confused... I was kidding about citi. It's at nyy
Me: Yeah really confused
Apu: long day huh 😉
Me: Yeah
Apu: ALMODT HOME DOE
Me: Yeah I'll go to the game. What's the plan?
Apu: Leaving my house at 9
Apu: Maybe 845
Me: Why so early?
Apu: Games at 11
Me: Duh
Apu: I saw your car but the house seemed empty......
Me: Check snapchat
Apu: Are you getting dinner at our special place with some whore?!?!?! 😭😭😭😭😭
Me: You caught me 😮
Apu: Who's the cunt.
Me: Henah 
Apu: You wish
Me: Actually I don't 
Apu: Then who is it.
Me: The family 
Apu: Oh I like them...approved but don't go near our spot 
Me: We walked past it
Apu: Where did you end up
Me: Triumph brewery
Apu: Ooo a brewery ... how clasdy
Me: Very classy
Apu: I was at one yesterday and it was fancy but the beer I tasted was awful so hopefully you did better than some dark chocolate nonsense 
Me: Yeah a lot of heavy beers have nonsensical flavors. This one was good

Apu: What did you get
Me: Steak
Apu: Wut
Me: To drink?
Apu: Yeah you had steak to drink...
Me: Of course
Apu: Is that possible 
Me: Blender?
Apu: But does if taste the same 
Me: I wouldn't know
Apu: I wonder if that counts as meat
Apu: Drinking it I mean 
Me: I would think so
Apu: Damnjt 
Apu: Wouldve been a good loophole 
Me: We can make an exception for you 
Apu: We? As in Jesus ?
Me: Yes
Me: What time we leaving?
Apu: 10ish
Apu: Minutes 
Apu: Here babe 
Me: Make sure to put enough on your card
Me: The company emailed me instead of calling......
Apu: ...uh oh..what they say :P
Me: They wanted me to fill out a survey
Apu: Would you mind? 😍😘😘❤💚💛💜💟💗💟💗💖💕💞💝
Me: In the middle of filling it out
Apu: Owe you dinner beb
Me: Stupid French
Apu: And Brits ..and Just all of Europe...MURRICA 🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽
Me: Yeah who needs Europe.....
Apu: Ireland 
Me: I guess
Apu: Baeeeee
Me: I'll be gone tomorrow 
Apu: WHYYYYY
Me: Going to the beach
Apu: Oh it's your family weekend thing right. ?
Me: Yeah
Apu: Well when do you come back from that ...
Me: Saturday. A week from tomorrow
Apu: Oh then I'll annoy you then and grab your butt 👌👈
Me: Lol
Apu: Welcome home at least 
Apu: Since you missed the balloon festival 
Me: Thanks. I apparently didn't miss much

Apu: Lots of rain but I did get to sneak in on Friday where it was gorgeous
Me: I saw
Apu: You don't send me your face enough .. just dogs 
Me: I'm sorry
Apu: A dog who I don't understand 
Me: What do you mean?
Apu: Is that a family dog.. college dog.. my dog .. what's the deal 
Me: My roommate's dog
Apu: And you love him don't you 
Me: Of course. Is that a problem? 
Apu: I mean .. sharing isn't carry 
Me: Carry?
Apu: Caring "
Me: He hasn't replaced you
Apu: Cause no one could replace me right 😇
Me: Of course
Apu: You know I've been meaning to ask you a question but I always forget 
Instead of fixing up pot holes they're putting big slabs of metals and I don't get why and you know engineering and stuff .. why do they do that

Me: They're just covering the pot holes with steel?
Apu: Basically 
Me: Lazy and cheap
Me: And quick
Apu: You haven't seen them around ?
Me: Nope
Apu: Tomorrow we're going to Mariano's retirement ceremony
Me: I have to go back to VT tomorrow
Apu: What time 
Me: Probably leaving at noon 
Apu: How about 5pm
Me: Not trying to leave that late. Left VT at 6pm last Thursday to head back to NJ. Didn't get home until 2am 😑
Apu: But.. it's mo 
Me: At Yankees stadium?
Apu: Yes,
Me: 5pm actually means more like 7pm
Apu: Watching Rick and Morty a second time really makes me appreciate the show 
Me: I'm glad I didn't stear you wrong. How much have you watched?
Apu: I watched both seasons twice again and I realized that pretty much everything about Rick is about meaningless existence and I'm good with that.. cause I can eat taco Bell as much as I want and some other universe has me eating meat so it doesn't really matter 
Me: So now you are never taking breaks from eating Taco Bell?
Apu: That'd correct sir 
Me: Whatever makes you happy. What about eating a steak?
Apu: One of the other versions of me eats steak like me and tbell 
Me: This version of you is missing out
Apu: There's an Indian version of you missing out on dancing and praying 
Me: Why would I care about that Indian version of me?
Apu: Maybe you'll meet him one day 
Me: I feel like I'd have to go to India for that to happen
Apu: He could emigrate here ! 
Me: I guess we could only hope
Apu: Or you could make a romantic trip to India with me and track that sonofabitch 
Me: So you find hunting people romantic?
Apu: Don't you know my favorite story ? The most dangerous game 
Me: I thought it was Anchorman
Apu: Touche .. second favorite 
Me: Ron Burgundy would be disappointed in your lapse of thought
Apu: Well he'll understand it's been awhile since I've read his holy book 
Me: It sounds like you need a day dedicated to Anchorman and Taco Bell
Apu: It is a new month ... When was the last time you did that 
Me: No clue 
Apu: Sounds like a date night ❤💙💜💛💚
Me: Possibly
Apu: Why possibly.. what else could be more romantic 
Me: I don't know 
Apu: Then yes come be romantic with me 
Me: I'm kinda stuck 7 hours away
Me: Happy Birthday!!!I can't believe I almost forgot

Apu: Lol in time ! I can't believe you're getting married without me 
Me: You mean to you
Apu: Tomato toemato
Me: Rutgers professor hospitalized over alleged violent threats: http://bigstory.ap.org/b39555b80c4f40569d2140e67d06255c&utm_source=android_app&utm_medium=textra&utm_campaign=share
Shared via AP Mobile. Download the app now:
iOS - http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/ap-mobile/id284901416?mt=8
Android - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mnn.Android&referrer=utm_source=share_item&utm_medium=textraRutgers professor hospitalized over alleged violent threats: http://bigstory.ap.org/b39555b80c4f40569d2140e67d06255c&utm_source=android_app&utm_medium=textra&utm_campaign=share

Shared via AP Mobile. Download the app now:
iOS - http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/ap-mobile/id284901416?mt=8
Android - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mnn.Android&referrer=utm_source=share_item&utm_medium=textra

Apu: 😂😂😂😂 specifically white people 
Me: Yeah you would love it haha
Apu: Are you home tomorrow boo?
Me: On the way home
Apu: Pants dropped 
Me: Hahaha
Apu: Are you free tonight to get totally hammered and play super Spanish bros 
Apu: SMASH.  It trump 
Me: I should be free tonight 
Apu: Prepare you butt 
Me: Woah! That escalated quickly
Apu: Did it though 
Apu: Knowing us 
Me: I think that escalated quickly by anyone's standards
Apu: Anyone who has standards 
Me: You have no standards?
Apu: Have I ever
Me: I guess not haha
Apu: you're my highest standard
Me: I'll take that as a compliment
Apu: It kinda is and isn't .. it's like you're the prettiest turd
Me: Yeah but from you, it's the closest thing to a compliment
Apu: That's not true! I'm capable of a genuine compliment
Me: If you are, it's rare
Apu: I COMPLIMENT YOU. Also when r u free 
Me: I guess. When are you free?
Apu: Home early from work so literally nothing to do but download porn...I mean movies 
Me: Well aren't those movies?
Apu: Yeah but nobody is ever like..hmm I wonder if that guy ever did fix the plumbing or how delicious the pizza was 
Me: True but just because people don't watch for the plot, doesn't mean they aren't movies
Apu: Well when you watch do you bother with the rest? 
Me: The rest as in the plot?
Apu: Yes do you care for the rest of the plot 
Me: That's what I'd watch if for
Me: *it
Apu: Great I'll rent one now and we'll watch together 
Me: You renting something? That's odd
Apu: Well why would I buyit
Me: Normally you torrent everything haha 
Apu: That's the equivalent of fucking a hooker from Camden in a back alley no condom 
Me: Yeah but I don't know what you are willing to do
Apu: WHY WOULD I CONSIDER THAT 
Me: No clue
Apu: I wouldn't .. but at a bar the other night a bunch of us got into a discussion about why paying for sex is actually far more efficient .. 
Me: Paying for sex vs paying for porn?
Apu: Versus any effort whatsoever 
Me: Why is it more efficient?
Apu: Less financially same effect and probably more experience
Me: How do you know how much it costs to pay for sex?
Apu: Alot less than three dinners and alot of time per hour 
Me: Well I'm free now
Apu: Gimme an hour 
Me: Okie dokie 
Apu: So watchya wanna do?
Apu: Anything involving mozzarella sticks 
Me: What do you want to do?My brother has people over, so they basement is full

Apu: You can come here.. it's empty ;)
Me: Ok. Now? 
Apu: Sure
Me: Heading up in a little
Me: Here
Apu: I have no favorites to anything
Apu: Dinner ?
Me: I can't. Having dinner with family 
Apu: .....you did that yesterday 
Me: Your point is?
Apu: you're not sick of them yet
Apu: ?
Me: Nope
Apu: Movie tonight ;)
Me: I'm going out to dinner with the family 
Apu: Late night ?
Me: Not sure
Apu: Well if you aren't we'll go see a romantic hallmark movie
Me: Ok hahaha
Apu: What say you boy 
Me: It's going to be an early night for me. I'm getting on the road early tomorrow 
Me: I don't think it's worth it for me to come over for the little bit
Apu: Okay well safe drive boo.. I'll start drafting our business venture into prostitution for Xmas
Me: Sorry thanks. I look forward to the proposition 
Apu: Whore house 
Apu: That's the word 
Apu: Whore house 
Me: That's what you want to own?
Apu: Well that's what it'll say on the plan ..The Presidents Cabinet would be an ideal name 
Me: I like it!
Apu: R u home??
Me: Out running errands
Apu: But in dirty Jersey?
Me: Yep
Apu: Let's make out 
Apu: Hang out
Apu: We'll both 
Me: Hahaha 
Me: Hang out
Apu: I'll.make you dinner tonight 
Me: That's so nice of you.....
Apu: Great.. see you at 8 😇
Me: I don't know if I trust your cooking
Apu: I never said I was cooking ...
Me: You said make me dinner....
Apu: Make isn't cook.. I can make a dinner other candles and plates and utensils but the food..Could be anyone 
Me: So what's for dinner?
Apu: A surprise 😘
Me: Do you actually want to get dinner?
Apu: Actually yeah wanna go somewhere 
Me: Sure
Apu: Olive garden ?
Me: Works for me. Wanna invite kee and navid?
Apu: Actually switch from Olive garden cause I think it'll be busy.. where else
Sure invite whoever 

Me: Not sure. I invited them

Me: Kee is in
Apu: What about a bar and grill place ?
Me: Sure. Did you have one in mind?
Me: I'll be home in 15 minutes
Apu: Can't remember the name but it's down 22 towards Martinsville .. kee me Johnny boy and another friend are their during the world cup .. he knows it 
Me: Chimney rock
Apu: You guys are in the Rose bowl... FUCK
Me: Yeah haha
Apu: What the tits is going on 
Me: What do you mean?
Apu: When did that happen .. where's Ohio state 
Me: After they beat Wisconsin in the big 10 championship game. Ohio state is playing Clemson in the playoff
Apu: ...huh...Weird 
Me: Yeah......
Apu: This is disturbing..All of our fuck Penn state chants are meaningless 
Me: Hahaha
Apu: Cameroon wins Africa Cup of Nations...Without Eto 😱😱
Me: That's unfortunate........for Eto
Apu: Absolute stunner in the 88th min 
Apu: https://twitter.com/aim6inches/status/828354334228414466
Me: Crazy!
Apu: Fuck you Tom Brady
Me: That's ambiguous. Are you mad at him or happy he threw a pick?
Apu: Always happy 
Me: Just checking
Apu: Tom Brady is ass 
Me: Don't you just love being able to say that finally
Apu: Just lost my biggest chance.. 10:1 that lady gagas portion of halftime performance was under six.. out fifty..Could've made 500
Apu: So far at 180 back of a 200 investment.. need pats to get last t.d. 
Me: I'm down $0 😝
Apu: Alfa Romeo getting serious ad time.. wondering if they are making a u.s. play 
Me: Definitely!
Apu: Wonder if anyone would buy it 
Me: Ehh.....
Apu: Two commercials plus sponsorships.... Maybe I'll get one 
Me: Can you afford it? Probably not
Apu: Are they expensive..idk
Me: The model shown in the commercial is around $70k
Apu: Closest one near me is 50k..Not sure the strategy for them... Are they coming out with a cheap model 
Me: There is a model that starts at around $37k
Apu: Sigh..Greatest ever 
Me: -_-
Apu: But I made money so not to mad 
Me: Ridiculous!
Apu: No one gets me like Anchorman
Me: Lol
Apu: http://foxs.pt/2msg2Ub
Obviously not the wrong attitude

Me: He'll use that anger to score goals 
Apu: Just saw an Eto Barcelona jersey at polar cub 
Apu: On a little white girl 
Me: Nice! Haha 
Apu: BREAKING: Derek Jeter/Jeb Bush-led group wins auction for @marlins, source says. No purchase price given yet #sportsbiz #MLB
Me: That's crazy!
Apu: What a world where Jed and Derek hang out 
Me: I didn't think it would be this world 
Apu: Well at least weekly now .. sign me up for two season ticket packaged 
Me: Why?
Apu: Season ticket holder means I get to fuck Derek Jeter 
Me: That's an interesting addition to the benefits of season ticket holder
Apu: I assume that's part of the deal.. he's only doing 200m of the 1.3B
Me: So he adds that part in to give him a higher percentage of ownership? 
Apu: To justify why he needs to be involved at all
Me: His only worth is his body?
Apu: Do you disagree good sir?
Me: Haha no
Apu: Home 
Me: Yep
Apu: Totes getting dinner boboo
Me: Another night
Apu: WHYYY :(
Me: Going to dinner with the fam
Apu: Late dinner follow-up?
Me: Doubtful
Apu: Well r u back in dirty jerz short term 
Me: For a couple weeks
Apu: Oh then let's get dinner sometime this week .. and hump 
Me: Whatever you say
Apu: So Monday ? 
Me: That should work
Apu: 👨🏾‍🍳💩
Me: You are cooking shit?
Apu: Chef apu
Me: Ahhh I see
Apu: Cook you some solid larva and tentacles 
Me: Sounds delicious 
Apu: And then chocolate nuts for dessert 
Me: Wow! Going all out 
Apu: I'm happy to drop some of my chocolate nuts into your mouth 
Me: I'm sure you would be
Apu: My balls by the way is what it is 
Me: I figured haha 
Apu: Yay for dinner tonight ?
Me: What's for dinner?
Apu: Well where do you wanna go lol
Me: Any suggestions?
Apu: I found a beer I liked..so we could have beer ..
Me: NO WAY!!! 😮
Apu: It's called Shandy..it taste like fruity pebbles 
Me:  So you like beer mixed with lemonade?
Apu: I guess? Someone picked it and it was delicious 
Me: It was probably a Leinenkugel summer shandy 
Apu: ....so you like it too
Me: Yep
Apu: Well I only know bww that serves it ... SO DINNER IT IS. REJOICE AS THE PRESIDENT RETURNS 
Apu: Hah I just looked it up and Stanton ridge serves it 
Me: Stanton ridge 😂
Apu: What a joke.. but we can go tonight to bww 
Me: Sounds good
Apu: They have this cheese sampler too that's just 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💚💛💜
Me: Hahaha
Apu: Mozzarella sticks with grilled cheese and cheese curds
Me: That's a lot of cheese
Apu: Live and die with it .. I thought I was lactose intolerant for like a week...struggled to live 
Me: It's so much that it makes you temporarily lactose intolerant?
Me: When are you going to be home?
Apu: In jc traffic now..so an hour ?
Me: Ok
Apu: 730pm for dinner ?
Me: Sure
Me: So you picking me up? 
Apu: Yeah be down in five 
Apu: Here 
Apu: http://123movies.is/film/doctor-who-season-10-18574/
Me: That link doesn't work
Me: When's that Yankees game? 
Apu: ..I'll send you the link from my bookmark.. maybe it's expired 
What day do you prefer dear for a game 

Me: ThanksWhat are the options?

Apu: Just look at a game you like lol
Me: Ok. I thought you and Nick had a list 
Apu: It's flexible so lmk which game you want 
Apu: Next Wed?
Me: That should work. Anything in particular about that game?
Apu: Just a day me and Nick both can go too lol 
Me: Just wondering haha
Apu: Gomovies.to
Me: Thanks
Apu: Also..golf later tonight ?
Apu: Driving range 
Me: Sure. What time?
Me: I thought the game was Wednesday 
Apu: Found a better deal 
Apu: At seven 
Apu: And bought 
Me: Both work for me
Apu: Tuesday it is 
Me: What are you doing for dinner?
Apu: Not sure yet but I'll be a bit late.like 830-9

Me: Well the driving range is only open until 6pm
Apu: Wut.... I've been there lste
Apu: Oh shit you're right 
Apu: Well we can just do it 
Me: Well their website says 7:30pmWhat do you mean?

Apu: Not making it back for that.. maybe tomorrow ? 
Sex

Me: MaybeLol

Apu: To sex or to tomorrow 
Me: Maybe to tomorrowLol to sex

Apu: SEXY SEXY TIME TONIGHT 
Me: I thought you weren't making it back tonight
Apu: For golf no... For sexy time I only need six minutes 
Me: Are you sure minutes was the correct unit of time?
Apu: With you it's minutes 
Me: Otherwise what?
Apu: 360 seconds 
Me: That's the same thing
Apu: But a different metric 
Me: It's the same metric
Apu: No....
Me: Different unit. Not different metric
Apu: Isn't that the same 
Me: NoDid you ever make it back to bburg?

Apu: What's the difference..Yes I made it back 

Me: Time is a metric. There are different units of time.
Apu: ...so what's the difference
Me: Hits, HR, walks, on base percentage, etc. are some of the metrics to describe a player's batting performance. But would you consider each of those a unit? No
Apu: Excellent example 👏👏👏👏
Me: You should've already understood that from your undergrad 
Apu: I still don't have a paper degree yah know..no proof I finished 
Me: You still haven't received a diploma?
Apu: Nope.. don't have one 
Me: Well it was Rutgers.....so even with the diploma, there's not much of a guarantee that you learned much
Apu: I have learned how to deal with difficult adminstrative people
Apu: And how much I can eat of junk food like a fat sandiwch 
Me: Only the second one counts 
Me: Driving range? 
Apu: Gimme an hour ?
Me: Sure
Apu: Coming down 
Apu: Here
Apu: My legs don't work.. we should never exercise again 
Me: Hahaha maybe that's reason for you to exercise more
Apu: Ugh remember when in the summer we could do this daily... Now I'm old and things don't work 
Me: Haha yeah so old
Apu: Are you sore...
Me: Nope haha
Apu: Fuck you. Should've stretched.. I would've won another set if I did 
Me: Yeah because stretching was the difference.... You didn't win any set
Apu: I WON ONE 
Me: A game, not a set
Apu: Tomato toemahto
Me: Ehhh 
Apu: You're ehhhhh
Apu: Btw.. you can take the train for Brunswick to Manhattan and then the D up to 161st.. I can give you a ride home 
Me: You are going back to bburg tomorrow night?
Apu: I think so.. mom is still getting over cataract surgery so still stopping by when I can 
Me: How's she doing?
Apu: She's fine overall but trying to limit.movement 
Me: That's good
Apu: It could be worse.. the other day her eye was leaking so playing it safe 
Me: That's scary
Apu: Well just water not blood thankfully but middle of the night was weird 
Me: Is that normal after such surgery?
Apu: No.. I think it was inflammation and they just had her do the eye drops in more intervals 
Me: When did she have the surgery?
Apu: Two weeks ago I think.. she did one eye and then the other 
Me: How long is recovery?
Apu: Shoukdve been done by now 
Me: Oh
Me: What's your plan for tomorrow?
Apu: I'm going right after work 
Apu: Try being there by six ?
Me: I can be to Penn station at 5 or 5:35
Apu: Be there at 5 
Me: Sounds good
Apu: You then have to walk down to 34\6 and take uptown D train to 161
Me: Yep
Apu: Don't get lost today beb 
Me: You can come and find me
Apu: If you wanna go together .. you can take the path to 23rd and meet me ? 
Me: That seems like too much work
Apu: Well if you feel confident on NYC metro :P
Me: Well isn't everything labeled?
Apu: But reading...
Me: I know that's hard for you
Apu: You're hard for me 
Me: That has a couple meanings.....
Apu: Only one 
Apu: The DICKK
Me: Still ambiguous....
Apu: YOU WANT MY DICK 
Me: False!
Apu: ...why not 
Me: Why would I?
Apu: I'm a considerate lover 
Me: I'm sure you are
Apu: Lmk when you get to Penn 
Me: At penn 
Apu: Okay i just walked out so I'll be there at 545
Me: Be where?
Apu: Yankee stadium
Me: Just checking haha 
Apu: Find Nick .. he's the brown one 
Me: Might be tough....
Apu: Where r u
Apu: Meet by hard rock 
Apu: Where r u 
Apu: You know how on top of a barn they have a cock at the top ? Do you know why it's a cock ?
Me: No
Apu: Cause if it was a cunt the wind would blow right through it 
Apu: Cause if it was a cunt the wind would blow right through it 
Apu: That dude with the Chelsea Spartan car is still here 
Me: He's probably there everyday
Apu: So I got out early and walked to city hall lol it's alot nicer in the daytime 
Me: I could imagine 
Apu: Where r yah 
Me: Home
Apu: Tennis again? I felt active .. one hr ?
Me: I've been sick the past couple days. Maybe not something that active today
Apu: Oh shit. Not a good way to spend off time.. fever ?
Me: Nope. Woke up Wednesday feeling like I had sinus infection. Turned out to be mild upper respiratory virus. On the mend. 
Apu: Are you gonna die 
Me: No. I said I'm on the mend 
Apu: So you're dead 
Me: To you I guess
Apu: Only when I realize parts of your white self
Me: Realize parts? 
Apu: That deep down you are white and I'm brown ...
Me: It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out
Apu: I suppress it and think you're one of me
Me: But even on a superficial level people can tell I'm not brown 
Apu: But in your heart you have moments .. I just feel if you committed more to scraping off the whiteness you could be better and evolve to a new level 
Me: Moments?Scrape off the whiteness how? 

Apu: You are cheap You try Indian food 
You are a tad racist 
You're an engineer
It's like you're on the edges of conversation

Idk how .. I was born gifted with browness 

Me: I haven't made enough money to not be cheap. You try not to eat Indian food. 
You're more than a tad racist. 
You're not an engineer. 
Edges of conversation?

Apu: False, cheapness is in you I see it I don't each much Indian food, in fact we probably eat the same amount yearly 
We're probably equally racist 
Yeah the engineer thing is a bit of a downer 
Conversion*

Me: Haha falseI've only eaten Indian food once
You think that to make yourself feel better but you are much more racist

Apu: I know it's in you .. I'll bring it out today if you're up for the trip to Nick's place You've def had Indian food more than once in your life 
There's no way you're not equally if not more racist .. you're white and converting 

Me: Lol probably not up for the tripI had it once and then how ever many times you have given me Indian food
You want me to be Indian. You're definitely more racist

Apu: YOU CAN DO ITTTT
Me: Do what?
Apu: Come with us 
Me: I'm still recovering
Apu: What better way to recover than me Nick and other Indians 
Me: How would that help me recover? 
Apu: Room of potential doctors 
Me: Key word "potential"They know shit 

Apu: Feeling better .
Apu: ?
Me: Better than Wednesday. But the same everyday after
Apu: Did you have a shindig yesterday? Or Sunday .. cars taking up the shoshoni lane 
Me: That was the people next to the Curtis's
Apu: Ugh. Those people.
Me: Do you even know those people?
Apu: They're white... What else is there to know
Me: They are people
Apu: FUCK FUCK FUCK. HAPPY BELATED FUCKIN FUCK BIRTHDAY FUCK 
Me: Thanks hahaha
Apu: Why r u even awake a day after your birthday
Me: Am I supposed to die the day after turning 24?
Apu: Well till 10am
Me: I've been waking up every morning just before my alarm at 6:40. After that I kinda just lay in bed hoping to fall back asleep
Apu: Hello dear.. what's a greater structure of amazingness... Burn Khalifa or the London Bridge 
Apu: Burj*
Me: Are you thinking Tower Bridge?
Apu: Sure lol the main one in London 
Me: Haha yeahThe burj khalifa 

Apu: Okay real quick why is it better
Me: It pushed the limit on tallest building. It's also a very slender building which is the height to width ratio. The bridge in sure was a marvel for its time but it didn't do anything new
Apu: Thank you.. you've made me eloquent 
Me: How?
Apu: The boss was talking about it earlier so wanted to stop in and give him that pov.. he somewhat agreed so I owe you when you come back from the Ukraine 
Me: I'm glad your boss agrees with an engineer that would know more on the matter haha. Where I am is more accurately described as Russia. 

Apu: D.c. basically is now ;)
Me: Exactly! 
Apu: Have you see Lenin Rasputin or Stalin around 
Me: Well I'm pretty sure they were partying with Trump in NJ this past weekend 
Apu: We have no beaches only Chris does 
Me: They weren't going for the beaches
Apu: What else is there in NJ 
Me: Golfing at Trump National in Bedminster on tax payer dollars
Apu: I wonder if that's double bill..
Apu: Cause he owns it 
Apu: So does he bill it..
Me: Well the tax payers pay for the round of golf and the travel and the security. Trump National bill the government. So....... Trump profits off it 
Me: Same thing when he goes to Trump tower in NYC. They close off 2-3 floors above and below where Trump stays. Using all of those floors gets billed to the government
Apu: THIS COUNTRY MAKES NO SENSE 
Me: Exactly. Trump took no salary because he knew that he would still make money off the presidency. He said it himself 
Apu: How's d.c. been treating you
Me: Not bad
Apu: It's Friday so gotta be at least somewhat exciting 
Me: Well more exciting if I had plans
Apu: Instead you have..
Me: No plans
Apu: FIND A FRIEND. MAKE PLANS.JOIN TINDER 
Me: I have friends here. They just have plans without me. Tinder is your solution?

Apu: Well my solution is to sit at home pants free but that's not for everyone :P
Me: Well that's the current plan since my roommate isn't here this weekend
Me: Well that's the current plan since my roommate isn't here this weekend
Apu: ROOMMATE. WHO IS HE. 
Me: A friend of a friend from VT. Well I had met him before
Me: A friend of a friend from VT. Well I had met him before
Apu: Are you home
Apu: FESTIVAL WEEKEND
Me: Nope
Apu: WHHYYY
Me: I didn't feel like driving 7-8hours this weekend 
Apu: EVEN FOR THIS. ITS THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF THE YEARRRRR
Me: Haha we rarely see the balloons come over our houses
Apu: And this will be the first time in forever they do 
Me: Then it looks like I'll have to wait forever to see it again
Apu: There is a very good Rick and Morty podcast if you want to listen during the mundanity of work :P
Me: What's it called?
Apu: SoundCloud.com/thesquanch
Me: Thanks. What about "the daily squanch" podcast?
Apu: What do you mean ? 
Me: That's the name of another podcast. Have you heard of it?
Apu: P.s. the YouTube channel of Wisecrack is my daily vice of the meaning behind some shows n movies so you should watch 
Apu: Never heard of it 
Me: I use a podcast app and that came up when I searched the squanch
Apu: What app? I see cast box
Me: Podcast addict
Apu: Both are Rick and Morty ones lol I just like the Wisecrack guys
Me: There is only one episode? 
Apu: Yep literally their first one.. check out their YouTube page.. they do a bunch of r&m breakdowns 
Me: I don't think I could listen to a podcast while working
Apu: Well I guess you do real work ;)
Me: Yeah. I would get distracted with a podcast. Music is fine. I'm doing weird calculations
Apu: You should try this then on the way home to Branchburg :)
Me: Not sure when that'll be
Apu: Ideally this weekend 
Me: Can't. I'll be in LBI 
Apu: That's basically Branchburg
Me: Ehhh not really
Apu:  I NEED A WEDDING DATEM.CMOM
Me: A wedding date?
Apu: Yes.. someone's getting married and I said plus one 
Me: Well this is what you texted me " I NEED A WEDDING DATEM.CMOM"Do you have someone in mind?

Apu: YOU
Me: Really?Is this an Indian wedding?

Apu: white people so it's okay
Me: Normally wouldn't you take a girl?
Apu: But I want you to make everyone feel uncomfortable about a gay mixed couple in a Catholic chruch 
Me: Hahaha should've known
Apu: It's a dream come true and you know it 
Me: What's a dream come true about this?
Apu: White people being uncomfortable.. I live for it and in front of Catholics no less 
Apu: I CAN DIE HAPPY
Apu: And i.might 
Me: Yeah but how do you know these white people would be uncomfortable with it. Just because they are Catholic? 
Apu: Cause they're white 
Apu: And I would imagine the Catholic part too 
Apu: Wait what r u 
Apu: R u a jew
Me: I'm not comfortable with it. I grew up knowing you. I'm not Jewish. I was just wondering what your "logic" was
Apu: Not comfortable with what? BIRACIAL LOVING. Derek Jeter was our bi racial angel... Wait whonwas your fav Yankee...It's like I don't even know you
Me: I meant not uncomfortable
Apu: Oh. Well guess you're a secret minority 
Me: Maybe you know the wrong white people
Apu: You kee ........ Huh that's it 
Me: So 100% of the white people you know are not uncomfortable with any of it
Apu: YOU CANT SPEAK FOR MY SON
Me: Maybe not. But I can speak for him more than you can
Apu: Whys that
Me: I know him better
Apu: that's true.. I tend to forget details about people but you're special to me Travis 
Me: Awww thanks. Why did you call me Travis? 
Apu: Isn't this Travis the ging
Me: Lol haven't heard that name in a while 
Apu: Travis or Travis the Ging.. I feel like either way is bad 
Me: It was weird timing that you called me Travis 
Apu: Why's that..
Me: So this goes back a couple months. I think it was this past December. At VT, we were running a test. Both my advisors were there, Dr Eatherton and Dr Leon, as well as another professor, Dr Mokarem. Dr Leon called me Travis by accident. From that point on, Dr Mokarem, who is always at the lab, where I was spending all my time would always call me Travis as a joke. So last Friday, my boss called me Travis. Then today I was talking to my roommate on the metro and told him this story. Then minutes later after telling him this story, you text me calling me Travis. 

Apu: Holy shit Travis you should just change your name to something sophisticated like Cy
Me: Haha someone already has that name, even though a good amount it's sigh
Apu: How about Tommy
Me: Ehh...i either sound like an idiot or a kid or both. I already look really young for my age. Can't sound young also
Apu: Taco
Me: Has anyone ever called you a genius?
Apu: The phone sex operator did 
Me: Well the name taco is the opposite of genius. Why were you talking to a phone sex operator and why did he/she call you a genius?

Apu: How is it the opposite...? I'm so good operators call me for help

Me: Isn't it quite obvious?Oh really???

Apu: No... Why is it obvious Yes I'm good .. they call me 

Me: Taco is the name that someone like Kim Kardashian would give her kid. Impressive

Apu: Taco Szabo sounds like the latest taco Bell concoction
Me: So pretty much you'd be all over it.....
Apu: I am all over you when you allow it 
Me: Lol regardless of my name
Apu: I'd be more giving if you were taco
Me: Well of course
Apu: Send your Snapchat a bit more.up 
Me: So more ocean?
Apu: Other wya 
Me: That would be down 
Apu: JUST DO IT
Apu: More 
Apu: To the left 
Me: Lol
Apu: Have you ever drowned 
Me: No. If I did, I'd be dead
Apu: Not to death but drowned like water in your lungs or nothing 
Me: Nope. I probably would've one time but I had a boogy board
Apu: You should try to drown once.. then you'll see why beaches are stupid 
Me: What if I don't survive?
Apu: Lesson learned
Me: So that's what you want?
Apu: To drown ? No but to learn your beach escapades are nonsense e
Me: You're just jealous because you can't swim
Apu: WHO LIKES WATER IN THEIR NOSE AND EARS
Me: So you don't enjoy taking showers?
Apu: Im not engulfed in water.. just pounded by it 
Me: So you don't like going in a pool?
Apu: With my head underwater..no I don't 
Me: Well your head doesn't have to go under in the ocean
Apu: My face does
Me: Why?
Apu: If I try to swim 
Me: Don't try. Just float
Apu: Why float when I can stand 
Me: Then why would you try to swim if you can stand?
Apu: I WOULDN'T. I want to convert you to a stander
Me: I do stand in the ocean
Apu: you don't even try to float or swkm in the ocean 
Apu: ?
Me: I do it all
Apu: THIS ISNT RELIGION TRAVIS. You can't just say you're part of everything. You can only do one thing.
Me: Haha I'm not saying I do it all simultaneously 
Apu: Well only do the standing part
Apu: If man was meant to swim we would've developed gills
Me: You mean if man were meant to swim, he'd have fins/flippers
Me: Dolphins don't have gills
Apu: Dolphins have blowholes and we didn't evolve to have that either 
Me: We have noseholes 
Apu: On the wrong side of the head for swimming 
Me: Not if you are doing backstroke. Also just turn your head
Apu: If we haven't evolved past contorting our bodies to do some stupid nonsense like that ..THEN WE SHOULDNT DO IT ALL
Me: Since we haven't evolved past it, then we are able to do it for a reason
Apu: Why do it at all 
Apu: MICHAEL PHELPS COULDVE BEEN A GREAT ACCOUNTANT AND AS ASSET TO SOCIETY BUT NOPE
Me: To surviveHe still can be

Apu: Swimming isn't essential to survive.. I'm alive 
Me: It could be essential
Apu: So could flying but we don't evolve into it so you don't see people flapping their arms 
Me: We never had the ability to fly. We haven't evolved to not be able to swim for a reason
Apu: YOU DONT KNOW THAT. JESUS COULDVE FLEW
Me: There's nothing that indicates otherwise
Apu: I'm sure I could find some proof that thousands of years ago people could fly .. but I'll save that for tomorrow so I look just at work
Me: I'll be waiting for that proof
Apu: Well there's Angels .. apparently we used to see them alot with wings.. now not so much.. so even in death we've evolved beyond flying 
Me: Well let me know after you die if you have wings
Apu: What's your email 
Me: tszabo616@gmail.comWhy?

Apu: I want to send you some porn 
Me: That's nice of you but I'm gonna turn down the offer
Apu: It's of me 
Apu: And you 
Me: Together?
Apu: Nope.. just us solo
Me: Why would I want any of it?
Apu: Are you saying I'm not good.looking enough 
Me: I just asked a question
Apu: WHY MUST YOUQUESTION IT. Go with the flow yo
Me: I always go with the flow
Apu: Then accept the porn 
Me: Well I can't stop you from sending anything 
Apu: And don't stop yourself from opening 
Me: Hahaha
Apu: How's the beach
Me: I'm back in DC
Apu: LAAAMEEEE 
Apu: How's the new gig 
Me: HahaIt's good. Working somewhat long hours. But I don't have much work to do. I was pretty much just twiddling my thumbs today but worked 7:45am-7:15pm

Apu: I basically do that 
Apu: It's difficult to take for long 
Me: You mean you do the twiddling your thumbs, not the long hours?
Apu: Yeah no i only do 7.5 hours and 6 is twiddling and an hr lunch 
Me: That's what I figured lol
Apu: Hey I don't set the hours lol happy to come in at 930 
Apu: My old job was basically 10 hr days and then commute time so this is a happy break 
Me: What is difficult to take for long?Were you getting paid overtime?

Apu: Sitting around doing nothing and no I don't get o.t. do you 
Me: I'm sure hahaYep I do haha

Apu: BUKLSHUTTTTT
Me: Hahaha jealous?
Apu: Entirely 
Me: Hahaha 
Apu: Twiddling away and getting paid 1.5... the life 
Me: Overtime is 1.0
Apu: ....you're getting ripped off
Me: Im lucky even to get overtime. I know people in the same industry but at different company that don't get overtime and have same salary
Me: What?????Where did you apply? Why?

Apu: Oh so surprise lolI applied on the third
I always intended to go back but was thinking next fall so I talked to.my prof who leads the dept and we've stayed in touch. He said if I can get three references and my transcripts over he can push it thru for THIS fall

Apu: So I got everything done and been calling all the professors to make sure I introduced myself and now I'm all set 
Apu: Bam. Efficiency.
Me: Damn! Good for you. So what degree?
Apu: Global sports business.. doubling down on the loveee
Me: Masters? So what does that major mean?

Apu: It means .... I have a master's lol it's just specializing on sports business but still taking mba style courses
Me: So it's an mba with more sports stuff?
Apu: It's a master's in global sports business with some.mba stuff 
Me: What do you learn in global sports business? What's different from just business?
Apu: Same shit but with sports industry examples and focus .. instead of learning about sarbanes oxley for accountants on spending restrictions.. I'll learn title 19 about restrictions in scholarships for d1 athletes. It's basically all the same classes 
Me: Ahhh ok. So what are you hoping this gets you career-wise?
Apu: More networking opportunities and excuse for higher pay 
Apu: Plus few have the degree and experience and I'll be done before I'm 27 so I should be good from there 
Me: Expensive? 27 is old 😜

Apu: Manageable .. 10k semester on average NOT THAT OLDDDD

Me: How many semesters you expecting? Hahaha

Apu: Four but the last one is only six credits 
Me: So pretty much you are buying a new low end BMW
Apu: Conversely..I'm investing in my education so I get a well paying to get a high end BMW
Me: Well yeah. It's not an argument with me. I have my masters. I just went about it smarter 😜

Apu: I feel pretty satisfied with my path.. made some $ and skipped GREs
Me: A lot of people take your path. Nothing wrong with it. I gained money going to grad school rather than gaining debt 

Apu: Luckily I have neither .. hopefully I can get paid during grad skewl
Me: True but you still have to pay for tuition and fees
Apu: Sadly.. stupid Rutgers
Me: Exactly. We finally agree on Rutgers 
Apu: I just paid my tuition so if you know anyone who needs a paid sex slave..lmk
Me: If you find the right person, they might pay extra because of some weird fetish
Apu: WHATS YOURS. YOU CAN PAY ME 
Me: I don't have one
Apu: Don't lie to me 
Me: I'd never lie 
Apu: How big is your dick
Me: You know
Apu: No idea 
Apu: But tell.me in meters
Me: Because you understand metric
Apu: I do.. I'm foreign deep down 
Me: You're pretty white
Apu: I call it the sweet spot... I'm just white enough to blend in with you white people but just Indian enough to be cultured.
And for Indian people, I'm just bronw enough to get their respective but white enough for them to leave me alone 

Me: You white people haha. You don't speak proper English, so there's your brown part

Apu: Exactly.. I got everyone fooled..I'm actually thai
Me: So you're adopted?
Apu: No they're Thai too
Me: Wow! How did you all get so brown?
Apu: It's sunny in Thailand 
Me: You don't get darker 
Apu: ... r u serious 
Me: Hahaha 
Apu: Did yah watch Rick n Morty 
Me: Nope. Is the season over yet?
Apu: No buts it's so gewdddd dude you gotta watch 
Me: When the season is over, I'll watch it straight through. It'll take like 5 hours
Apu: It's to much genius for one sitting! EVEN FOR U
Me: Hahaha
Apu: But like actually it's pretty clever nd ark 
Me: So like every other season?
Apu: Darker than usual 
Me: Great!
Apu: R u home
Me: Yeah
Apu: Dinner? 
Me: Can't. We are grilling here
Apu: Late food run then? 
Me: Doubtful. I'll probably be drunk though 
Apu: Boo hang tomorrow then 
Apu: http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/black-mirror-season-4-cast-revealed-1032538
Apu: See.. we talked about it and now I get alerts 
Me: Haha coincidence?
Apu: Nope.. mic is on .. listening 
Me: Benefits of Google 
Apu: When they take over the world it'll be glorious 
Me: That depends.....
Apu: On
Me: What Google does when they have the power
Apu: Obviously.for the greater good 
Me: That's a nice little utopian fantasy you have
Me: Happy Birthday!!!
Apu: Thanks bud ;) send me a birthday gift of no pants
Me: I did
Me: You foreign people....
Apu: What about us 
Me: You're always so late
Apu: Why's that 
Me: I was meeting up with a friend from PSU. He's originally from Iran. He showed up 50 minutes late
Me: How was your bday?
Apu: Not to bad.. turning into a weekend though .. walking into red bull arena now lol and cigar lounge tonight 👌
Me: Nice! Sounds fancy haha
Apu: Well I can't even get in the stadium cause my friend is late withr the tickets 
Me: Is your friend white?
Apu: .... No... 😕
Me: See.....
Apu: It was only the first three minutes of the game and it ended in a scoreless draw 
Me: You missed the first 3 minutes or you were in the cigar lounge for the first 3 minutes?
Apu: Missed 
Me: But how late was your friend?
Apu: Three minutes lol
Me: Who plans on showing up at the exact start time for a game?
Apu: Well I did too lol timed it so I could be in the seat at kickoff 
Apu: Otherwise we're just waiting 
Me: That's just stupid. There was some sympathy because it's your bday. But now.....
Apu: I CALL IT EFFICIENCY
Me: It's only efficiency if you are exactly on time. You look stupid if you miss any bit of the game. You look smart if you show up exactly on time or a little early 
Apu: I ain't about looking smart... I've seen my face to know better 
Me: You might want to reconsider after grad school about trying to look smart
Apu: Fire EVERYONE
Me: Ok......
Apu: WERE NOT GOONG TO THR WORLD CUP TREVOR
Me: FUCK!!!!
Apu: See. Fire everyone. 
Me: Does that include the government? Trump being president and not qualifying.....coincidence....i think not
Apu: He probably wanted it so he didn't need an excuse to be in Russia 
Me: Well he's not upholding MAGA
Apu: 0-100 on that promise
Me: Hahaha you have so much faith in him
Apu: Well if he fires gulati it'll be 1-100
Apu: I'm super bored at work 
Apu: Can you light something on fire and Snapchat it to me.. maybe a person 
Me: I'm usually bored at work but today I some how have work at workI don't think I can do that.....

Apu: Home ? 
Me: Niggah please!
Apu: ....who is this 
Me: Whoever you want me to be
Apu: The Presidente
Me: No problema 
Apu: But actually who is this 
Me: Who do you think it is?
Apu: Somebody who would know that I'm a sand niggah and not niggah
Me: True. Sorry for not being politically correct by adding sand in front
Apu: You know what I heard the other day.. mud puppet.. and I gotta say.. that one impressed me 
Me: Because they used a worse form of dirt than sand?
Apu: In general, I was amused and not offended 
Me: Well you shouldn't be impressed
Apu: Idk when someone is funny racist instead of offensive.. its impressive
Me: So you're impressed by me a lot then? 
Apu: Obviously
Me: Well you wouldn't be impressed by my lunch today. But I didn't pay for it
Apu: But actually.. do you want to eat late dinner 
Me: I'll join you
Apu: To watch me eat...
Me: That's the best part
Apu: So... taco bell
Apu: 🌮🔔
Me: Sure
Apu: Almost done cooking food for tomorrow with family.. will be down in 15ish
Me: Indian food?
Me: That's not a brown person!
Apu: Henah's boyfriend
Me: Figured! And that's not Indian food! I'm disappointed in you! 

Apu: You shouldn't be !! I'm branching out 
Me: Well you don't like Indian food
Apu: Hence why I don't make it if I have a choice 
Me: I know. Hence the taco bell haha
Apu: Coming down 
Apu: And here 
Apu: Guess I'll just freeze to death 
Apu: She literally just asked how big head was 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Me: Did you tell her?
Apu: She said it unquestioned 
Apu: But yes I told her not too
Me: Well what exactly did you tell her?
Apu: She asked where I was and I said I was with you and she said how's bighead 
Me: But did you tell her what I told you to tell her?
Apu: Eye 4got
Me: 😒
Apu: Scuse me for loosing focus at this later he 
Apu: Hour 
Me: You tend to lose focus...
Apu: Well what was it 
Me: Something along the lines of tell her to stop being mean to me, then I'll stop being a dick to her. But you had to tell her, not ask her
Apu: That was the most adorable thing ever 
Me: Right!
Apu: Sup
Me: Sup
Apu: Your Snapchat of olde Town court depresses me 
Me: Right!
Apu: Throwing me off.. our wasted dollars 
Me: Extremely wasted. If they were going to improve the parks, they should've done it right
Apu: Super excited to to miss layups  on a new court 
Me: Haha and fall on a plastic floor
Apu: Hows break going 
Me: Good. Being lazy. You?

Apu: Pretty much keep it going.. yesterday was out for 14 hours.. now onto some work for grad and a bit later going to work on freelance research gig for some $$
Apu: Come be my break and get dinner 
Me: Well I did do some work kinda sorta.Look at you trying to be responsible or something like that. 
Can't. Another family dinner

Apu: Omfg do you eat dinner every fuckin day with those white.people 
Me: Hahahaha 
Me: It does look that way
Apu: Omfg have you Coach Lasso on NBC sports ??
Me: No???
Apu: I give it the best six minutes on YouTube
Apu: Trust me. Do it.
Me: Jason Sudeikis?
Apu: Yerp
Me: The clip i found is only 4 mins 41 secs
Apu: There's a four minute one and a six minute continuation
Apu: Watch it all babe 
Me: I will! 
Apu: And write me a dissertation
Me: Ok Dr Apurva
Apu: Dr Parikh .. finally what my dad wanted 
Me: No it's Dr Apurva. Because as an Asian, you can never live up to your parents expectations, especially your dad's
Me: Coach Lasso is a great coach
Apu: Yah welcome 
Me: I also listened to the first episode of the Rick and morty podcast
Apu: What do you think 
Me: It's good. But I don't know if I can listen to the rest
Apu: Why not? 
Apu: It's the Wisecrack one right ?
Me: Yeah wisecrack. I don't need some guys to ramble on for 40 minutes telling me whether they found the episode funny or not after I alway watched it 

Apu: .....isn't that what a podcast is 
Me: Yeah for a podcast about a show. The little bit of analysis was good.
There are podcasts about anything you can think of

Apu: Well I think they got a good balance but if you have other suggestions I'm down
Apu: All.my shows are on winter hiatus so...... I'm super bored
Me: Good podcasts are Serial, Freakonomics radio, and Stuff You Should Know.The last one only stays on topic for like half the time unfortunately. 
Watch The Grand Tour and The man in the high castle

Apu: 2/3 im on .. freakanomics and serial 
Apu: Man in high castle was ehhhh and wasn't sure if I'd like grand tour 
Me: Good choices. Man in the high castle was pretty good. Amazon could do better. 
If you liked top gear, then you'll like grand tour

Apu: I got sick of top gear lol 
Apu: I'll take any other recommendations
Me: Of course you did. But what do you have to lose by watching one episode of the grand tour?
Me: How about The Wire?
Apu: Thirty minutes to an hour of my life 
Yes did the wire.. I get why people like it but not greatest ever 

Me: It's not like you don't have so much free time...😂
Yeah it's good. But definitely not the greatest

Apu: I DO THINGS TREVOR
Me: LolThe Sopranos
West Wing
Mad Men
Better Call Saul

Apu: Yes it was mehYes not as good as house of cards
Yes I got to two seasons and mehhhh
Yes love it 

Me: Damn! What haven't you watched?
Apu: Hence the boredom
Me: You're bored but yet you do things. Something isn't adding up 
Apu: Doesn't mean I like doing things 
Apu: Like taxes 
Apu: I do them
Apu: But I'm bored d
Me: You're just saying you do taxes because you know the government looks at everything 
Apu: If the govt thought I had any value I'd be amazed 
Me: True
Apu: Real Madrid is selling the rights to their Stadium.. get ready for EXXOÑOS ARENA 
Me: I hope that's not Exxon
Me: Sorry you only speak racist
Me: Now you claim you're informed 🤔
Apu: I AM INFORMES.
Apu: Informed
Apu: Fuck.
Apu: I lost. 
Me: Yes you did lol
Apu: I'm not the only Indian disappointment todag
Me: Yeah Ajit is a much bigger disappointment than you
Apu: Fucking not gujus
Me: What?
Apu: He's not my Indian people 
Apu: Thats the problem
Me: So if they aren't your people, they are beneath you? 
Apu: Obviously ..that's why you're an honorary guju
Me: Such a compliment!
Me: What's up?
Apu: Nick's birthday,he saw your car and got excited.. come see us 
Me: Where at?
Apu: Olive garden 
Me: I just ate
Apu: Come see us after dinner ?
Me: Sure. I might need a ride though
Apu: Sorry brown people got in the way 
Apu: Lmk your schedule this week 
Apu: Or when you're going back to Jamaica 
Me: They always do!I don't know my schedule. I'll be here til 29th but I have a wedding on the 29th. 
I didn't know DC was in Jamaica

Apu: I agree -_- come see me after 26thIdk why you insist to live there when you and I both know d.c. is a rat hole 

Me: Sounds good. It's a clean rat hole

Apu: Wanna come to taco Bell with us 
Me: Today?
Apu: Yes right now
Apu: I'm outside if you're free 
Apu: And naked 
Me: I'm good hahaha
Apu: Dinner tomorrow 
Me: Sure
Me: Well I guess that wasn't a question haha
Apu: Glad we're on the same page 
Me: HahaJust the two of us?

Apu: It'll be Romantic
Apu: I'm so bored Im shopping for.old school cars while the laundry gets done 
Me: I figured that's what you were shooting forYeah that's pretty low for you

Apu: I ALWAYS WANTED ONE AND IVE FRANKENSTEINED A WAY TO GET ONE IF ITS ONLY A LITTLE BEATUP AT 20K 
Apu: I just can't find anything I like.. I have 60k taste 
Me: Well you are saving yourself now by having that expensive taste 
Apu: Quarter life crisis is driving me to this 62 Ford Thunderbird
Me: Seriously!?! For 60k, that's what you'd go for?
Apu: Oh no that's for 20k lol
Apu: I started with no price filter to see what I like 
Me: Not worth it for 20kSet your filter minimum at like 50k so that you know you can't afford the cars any time soon

Apu: What would you pick for that price lol I CAN AFFOED IT IF I BECOME A GIGGALO

Me: Nothing for 20k. Shit I wouldn't spend more than 20k on a car at this point in general. 
You can't be a giggalo at Rutgers though

Apu: Why not 20k on a car now? I mean aside rent, do you have other major expenses that would limit you 
Me: I don't use my car enough for it to be worth it. I drove 2k miles over 6 months. I want my car to be as little of an expense to me as possible but still have the benefits of owning a car. 
Rent is more of my paycheck than I'd like. No other major expenses. PT was major for the short period I was going

Apu: Pt? 
Me: Physical therapy
Apu: Oh right your arm doesn't work 
Me: Yeahhh......
Apu: One day you'll be a real boy again 
Me: As in, I will be healthy and fully healed up?
Apu: I mean,... Do a rub test and find out 
Me: Lol
Me: What time for dinner?
Apu: What time works for you babe 😀
Me: Whenever
Apu: 730? Also pick a place 
Apu: SOMEWHERE EXCITING 
Apu: Like taco bell
Me: Works for me. Lol....so not taco bell

Apu: THEN PICK
Apu: Surprise me
Apu: Don't tell me where just pick me up
Me: Lol ok
Apu: IM WAIYING 
Me: For???
Apu: FOR MY SURPRISE 
Me: Then that wouldn't be a surprise
Apu: Well should I wears pants or no 
Me: Well we are going to be in public....
Apu: YOU NEVER COOK ME HOME COOKED MEALS 
Me: I never make anything vegetarian
Apu: That can't be true 
Me: I forgot you eat eggs
Apu: Even still... 
Me: Maybe never was extreme but still
Apu: Maybe I'll cook for you ;)
Me: What are you going to cook me?
Apu: White meat ;)
Me: Lol
Apu: Wait so do you put meat in PBJ
Me: No. Then it wouldn't be called a PBJ
Apu: And a BLT.. do you add anything to balsamic lettuce and tobacco 
Me: Lol you know a BLT is commonly know as bacon lettuce tomato?
Apu: What
Me: Really?
Apu: Look when we go to wherever you're surprising me with .. you order a BLT and see how much tobacco they put in 
Me: Yeah I'm sure there's going to be so much tobacco
Apu: Well guess it depends on where we go 
Apu: Doubt we'll get much at McDonald's
Me: They don't over BLT at McDonald's. But they are cheap nonetheless 
Apu: THEY DON'T DO ANYTHING
Me: *offerWhat do you mean?

Apu: Oh.. then.. MCDONALD'S DOESNT SERVE ANYTHING WITH TOBACCO
Me: You're going to the wrong McDonald's then
Apu: The last time I went to McDonald's cause it was 1$ med drinks and it was 1037482 degrees outside
Me: Well they're not going to put tobacco in a drink
Apu: ......because ....
Me: They're not that creative
Me: Heading up
Me: Here 
Me: All she said wasThank you? 

Apu: Thats a supreme ketdown 
Apu: Let down 
Me: I know....
Apu: What do you see in her then except disappointment
Me: Hahaha
Apu: Well I know disappointment isn't what you have in common 
Me: Awwww You don't see me as a disappointment?

Apu: Not at this moment 
Me: Are you expecting me to be a disappointment?
Apu: Depends on how much she weighs you down 
Me: How would she weigh me down?
Apu: Her optimism 
Me: So you don't want me to be optimistic?
Apu: Not as much as her 
Me: That'll never happen
Apu: I can't tell you how happy that snap mDe me 
Me: Haha I'm glad 
Me: So a few hours of happiness?
Apu: Well one episode every few hours.. gotta go slow 
Apu: first one ain't so bad 
Me: That's sad. That's good

Apu: Okay so first is 7/10
Me: I'll take that
Apu: Second one is pretty lame 
Apu: And kinda obvious
Me: A lot of them are kinda obvious
Apu: At least it's done well but the second episode.. the issue was like six seconds in 
Me: It's not necessarily a bad thing if they jump right into it 
Apu: Yeah but the way they do it is to just jump into it and repeat it the issue again
Watch arkangel and you'll see 

Me: I'll watch it eventually. Finished the wire

Apu: How was it 
Me: It was good. The ending brought enough closure to the story
Apu: REALLY?? 
Apu: I felt it was a boring ending 
Me: I didn't say it was exciting 
Apu: So what did you mean by good then 
Apu: Just that it did the job
Me: I meant the series overall was good. The ending had closure. It was a boring ending but it answered questions and touched upon most of the characters' lives

Apu: Third episode isnt so bad.. a bit more a slow burn 
Me: I thought you were going to space them out
Apu: Yep three today three tomorrow 
Me: You are going to be so bored the rest of today
Apu: I have plans today and the next three days.. then I'll be bored 
Apu: Maybe I'll.lift a weight or something
Me: Oh look at you! Right...you lifting something other than your laptop

Me: Love it!So deep....

Me: Of course I do. You'll be proud of me. I won a beer-io (Mario) kart tourney yesterday

Apu: Ironic cause I also did Mario kart last night but didn't win anything .What's the beer version

Me: You disappoint me. Everyone playing gets a full can of beer. You have to finish the beer before you finish the race. But you cannot drink and drive. You need to put the controller down when you drink. 

Apu: That........is actually super clever.
Me: Right!But I'm sure it's no surprise I won 

Apu: Not even a little 
Me: Lol
Me: I have news I'm sure you will love
Apu: ??
Me: HahaI ended it with Emma

Apu: ...did you do it for the right reason 
Me: What is the right reason?
Apu: You tell me
Me: So she visited this past weekend. So it was essentially a weekend long date. I ended it because chemistry was lacking, I found her annoying in different ways, she's not exactly smart. There's probably other reasons I'm forgetting. Are any of those the right reason?

Apu: Yeah annoying and not smart.. you gotta find someone smarter than you lol
Apu: WHICH IS DIFFICULT
Apu: But possible 
Me: Let me know when you find a girl that I'd want to date and is smarter than me
Apu: I'd keeper her for myself 
Me: Haha true
Apu: You could also just settle for me .. I could do amazing things like talk about Rick and Morty for hourz
Me: Are you a girl?.....I know

Apu: No but that's what settling is 
Me: That would be a form of settling
Apu: And I'm okay with being the reacher in a relationship
Me: That's so sweet of you 
Apu: As long as you're the settler it is 
Apu: I don't think I've ever actually liked someone who I also thought wasn't smarter than me 
Me: You mean like as in wanted to date?If that's what you mean, then I've never dated someone that is smarter than me

Apu: Yeah like actually wanted to date
Apu: YOUR BAR IS A LOT HIGHER TREVOR 
Me: Tis true 
Apu: Actually do you know anyone smarter than you lol
Me: Yeah. But if we are talking girls, then only two off the top of my head. One I thought about dating but I realized she's not right for me. She also has a bf. The other I would never date. 
Apu: That must be a tough life 
Me: You have no clue how how tough 
Apu: Time for tinder
Apu: Or grinder 
Me: Why would you suggest grinder?
Apu: Why not 
Me: That means you want me to get with a guy other than you
Apu: I want you to understand you can't do better than me 
Me: Ahh I see. So I would be settling by being with you but I can't do better than you? 
Apu: That's right you can do better than someone who forgot about this for two weeks 
Me: Lol
Apu: What I miss 
Me: I wasn't expecting the change in direction from you
Apu: No I meant in your life what I miss 
Me: Nothing exciting since we last talked. I might be set up on a date through a coworker  though. I take it you've been busy

Apu: YAY OFFICE RELATIONSHIPS. Don't do it. 
Officially back to work and school started again so there's five days gone 

Me: I said through a coworker, not with a coworker. This girl is the coworker of my coworker's wife. She is a teacher. Unfortunately, that's essentially all i know about her
Aww poor you

Apu: Doesn't that fall under too stupid for you 🙈
Me: Probably. But it's not a definite. Look at Ollio 
Apu: So you want to 🍆💦💦😆 on Ollio? 
Me: Lol that's exactly what I meant 😒
Apu: That's the face he'll be making 
Me: Sounds like you know the face he'd be making from experience 
Apu: We all wish that 
Me: I wasn't saying experience with Ollio. Just general experience
Apu: You said he'd be making ... Ollio 
Me: You can't extrapolate based on experiences with others? 
Apu: Well we're talking about one guy so he is clearly referring to him 
Me: Yes the he is referring to him but the experience is not necessarily referring to with him
Apu: It's a heavy implication .....Donald 
Me: So you insult me?
Apu: Sure why but
Apu: Not
Me: Why did you say we'd all wish that?
Apu: We all wish we knew his orgasm face 
Me: I thought you meant we all wish you did him
Apu: Where do u live in d.c. 
Me: Ballston Arlington VA
Apu: So like... Ten minutes away 
Me: Yeah
Apu: I may be doing an event down there in May but not to familiar with area outside of a few trips down. Client is choosing between Miami or d.c. 
How busy is your schedule to give me a tour in a few weeks of the city ;)

Me: Nice!Never busy lol

Apu: I'm sure work keeps u busy 
Me: Ehh not really. I can't leave work mid-day. But 45-50 hours a week is not exactly busy
Apu: Compared to most people it is 
Me: How many hours of work each week do you start to feel busy? 10hrs?
Apu: Minus nine 
Me: Hahaha figured
Apu: How's life 
Me: Same old. Nothing really new since we last talked. How about you? 
Apu: So you didn't fall in love yet?
Same.. school and work keeping busy.. I've been playing soccer with our class and I realized I'm alot worse than I thought 

Me: With who? There's no girl in my life. Any girls in your life?
How many hours are you working? How's school?
I just got back to playing soccer. It was a struggle for me as well 

Apu: Last time you were gonna be setup with a co-worker .. I guess one month isn't enough for love with you white people 
And no, no women in my life that compare to you yet 

Mon Thurs Fri I'm at work Tues Weds I'm at school 

I just bought cleats so I seem legit 👌 

Me: I was going to be setup by a coworker, but the girl is not a coworker. The coworker keeps forgetting. So I don't think it'll ever happen. 
That's so sweet of you!

But how many hours do you have to spend on school outside of class? 

Look at you trying to fool people into thinking you are legit haha

Apu: Sounds like a shitty coworker lol 
I probably spend 5-6 hours total but not to difficult.. just tedious reading and note taking 

I'm a fraud but they don't know at what level 

Me: He's foreign. So what do you expect. 
5-6 hours is nothing. 

They'll soon learn how fraudulent you are haha

Apu: I expect alot from the foreigners .. 
I agree it is nothing .. we don't do anything to complex.. we just sit around and talk about it 

THEY WONT CAUDE IMMA GET BETTER 

Apu: I'mma be Etoo eventually
Me: Why is that?
Must be nice having a chill grad program. 

Better is relative. So is eventually

Apu: Foreigners who make it hear are 🔥🔥🔥 
It is :) I enjoy school like some weirdo 

Apu: Yeah well I'm optimistic I won't be the worst on the field 
Me: "Make it hear" as in make it into the country? 
It's easy to enjoy it when it's not hitting you like a tidal wave on repeat for 2 years straight. 

I never thought you'd be the worst on the field 

Apu: What the fuck did you do
Me: Same thing that happened at VT. Fractured elbow in same exact spot playing soccer. At least the wrist is fine this time
Me: Lol
Apu: You guys are getting real competitive
Me: We weren't that competitive though. I went up for the ball and came down and lost my balance and fell backwards and tried to brace my fall. 
I just don't have any athletic ability anymore. 

Apu: You'd think with a brain your size you'd remember...
Me: When you are falling, you don't have time to think
Apu: But the commitment level of going up for a ball..
Me: It wasn't for a header. I was running and trying to stop a long ball that was waist high  with my thigh
Apu: I'm worried about you.. alone and hurting yourself 
Me: Well if you were here, I wouldn't be alone....
Apu: But I'd be hurting you 😏
Me: I figured that
Apu: Sexually.
Apu: Just so there's no confusion
Apu: I hope I'm never your boss cause you'd have so much content so sue me 
Me: I thought that is just assumed when it comes to you. So much that the courts would be dumbfounded

Apu: I have more emotional depth then just eight minutes of action
Me: You mean eight seconds?
Apu: Give me some crew
Apu: Credit
Me: Fair enough haha
Apu: I'm very generous 
Apu: Always tip
Me: I'm sure you are lol
Apu: Well I know every little bit counts 
Me: You sound well experienced with guys
Apu: Why with guys 
Me: No particular reason
Apu: Seems sexist... 
Me: How so?
Me: Most likely heading home this weekend 
Apu: PERMANENTLY???
Me: Do you have a better paying job up there for me than the one I currently have?
Apu: Is it all about money with you 
Me: Well I'm not going to move to a lower paying job at this point
Apu: This would be a great time to take a lower paying job
Apu: Later in you might have a family and a mortgage and other responsibilities.. go lower now where you're only responsible for yourself 
Me: But if I never take a pay cut, I should have more money by that point anyway, making your point irrelevant 
Apu: Some people are so poor Trevor all they have is money....... 
Me: Well let's hope I don't become that type of poor
Apu: R u home 
Me: In 4 hr
Apu: When you're all settled in hmu
Me: I'm home
Apu: Dinner tonight with my husband 
Me: Is that a question? Who's your husband?
Apu: More of an order 
Apu: Nick
Me: LolOf course! Haha

Apu: Final four watching 
Me: That's the plan?
Apu: To start 
Me: Sounds good
Me: What's the plan?
Apu: 730pm we head over ? 
Me: Where we going?
Apu: Bdubz unless another place recommendation? 
Me: Won't that be packed?
Apu: I'd imagine so but idk another place that won't be that's as big 
Me: True7:30 works for me. We will see what happens.
You driving?

Apu: Yeah I gotchu 
Me: Thanks
Apu: Come up here .. I thought loyola would be done by 730 but seems unlikely
Me: It'll be another hour til it's over
Me: Leave now?
Apu: Come up her e
Me: Heading up now
Apu: A TACO BELL OPENING ACROSS THE STREET FROM YANKEE STADIUM 👌👌👌👌👌👌🎊🎊🎊🎊🔥🔥🔥🔥
Me: That is going to be one hell of an expensive taco bell hahaha
Apu: WHO CARES. IM PAYING FOR THE EXPERIENCE
Me: LOUD NOISES!!!
Me: So you're the taco queen?
Apu: You are what you eat?
Me: How do queens fit into this? 
Apu: Think about it
Me: I knew what you were going for but that's the opposite of the truth
Apu: How so 
Apu: Also is d.c. closed today.. I've gotten four out of office notices from four different companies 
Me: Well the only tacos you are eating are the ones made at taco bell. And you aren't getting any action, so the reference to tacos in that sense or queens is very far from the truth 
Apu: That's not true.. when I go to any Tex Mex place that isn't taco Bell I get it over other options .. and my mom makes it 🤗
Me: Yeah. But if you had the choice, you get taco bell over any of those options
Apu: Well you said the only ones I'm eating..got you bitch
Me: With you, it's a fair assumption that the only "Mexican" "food" you eat is taco bell
Apu: No it's not 
Me: You are pretty obsessed over taco bell
Apu: Assuming it's the only isn't fair 
Apu: DUDE WEVE BEEN TO MOES TOGETHER
Me: True. That was a long time ago haha

Apu: How could.you forget
Me: I didn't forget. It just wasn't in the forefront of my memory
Apu: I'm gonna start using that 
Me: I thought you'd like that wording 
Apu: So you do know some things about me 
Me: I'd hope so after over 20 years
Apu: R u home ?
Me: Well sorta
Me: https://www.inverse.com/article/43388-rick-and-morty-secret-origin-mr-poopybutthole
Me: Are you home?
Apu: I'll be back home around 2ishh
Me: I was going to see if you wanted to get lunch
Apu: Late lunch ;)
Me: Well I already ate but maybe I'll be hungry again then
Apu: Well I just got home 
Apu: But it was from lunch so if you want we can hang but when do you leave 
Me: I'm leaving at 3:30
Apu: Womp.womp I'll see you next time 
Apu: Why so early 
Me: More like why so late. Waiting for my mom to get home from work before heading out

Apu: Still at the hospital
Me: Yeah
Apu:  Google euthanasia coaster 
Me: I'm going to wait until after work lol
Apu: Also good
Me: Lol
Me: I wouldn't want that in my search history at work but there was nothing wrong with it
Apu: I thought about it when I saw you 
Me: Seeing me made you think of a roller coaster designed to kill people?
Apu: It's a compliment
Me: I'll take your word on that one haha
Apu: I'm at this huge esports competition and I just walked into a room and saw super smash and Yoshi head butting someone.. PTSD
Me: Ahhh great memories...
Apu: For one of you 
Me: There is only one of me
Me: HuffPost: Hank Azaria Is Happy To 'Step Aside' From Voicing Apu On 'The Simpsons' http://google.com/newsstand/s/CBIw4v7VpDg
Me: So did you lose your voice?
Apu: Yeah I read into this and its such a pointless overreaction.  Everyone on the Simpsons is an exaggerated caricature.. Willie the immigrant, chief wigum, Barney as the town drunk, Dr Nick. People are missing the point of the character so they can feel righteous 
Me: It is ridiculous. I'm surprised it didnt happen sooner with our pc culture.
Apu: I can't wait till they replace Flanders with a real Christian and they hire a fat fuck to actually be home 
Apu: Homer
Me: So replace all characters eventually? Then it'll no longer be the Simpson's lol
Apu: It's barely the Simpsons now since they've been playing it safe for years... I used to always watch on Monday but last four years, unless I hear some clever story I don't care 
Me: I haven't watched in forever. That's sad that they've played it safe for years now
Apu: Ain't missing much.. they're too scared to do funny satire for reactions like this
Me: Maybe if they did actual funny satire, then people would be too busy complaining about the satire and wouldn't have time to complain about the individual characters
Apu: Well the dude complaining isn't wrong with his observation of how white people portray white people as Indians.. it is written like white people but that was the point of the entire show.. satire from a middle America family.. people utilizing it as slurs only occurred because it's popular 
Apu: I'd like more accurate representation from people who are TRYING to be accurate.. big bang theory or this is us.. not a satire.. message is right but context is wrong 
Me: I understand his point. I agree with what you are saying. So you wish the guy attacked those shows?

Apu: I wish he focussed on actual blatant institutional racism instead of satire that ignorant people took seriously .. Raj from big bang theory is way more problematic .. he picked Apu cause he was the first relevant Indian character so naturally people misinterpreted it but shows that still do it and aren't parodies are way worse 
Me: Well yeah it would be nice if he fought the more problematic racism. But attacking Apu is easier, gets more headlines/attention and most people won't pay attention to the fact that the Simpson's are a satire, so it appears to be more racist 
Me: Well yeah it would be nice if he fought the more problematic racism. But attacking Apu is easier, gets more headlines/attention and most people won't pay attention to the fact that the Simpson's are a satire, so it appears to be more racist 
Me: Well yeah it would be nice if he fought the more problematic racism. But attacking Apu is easier, gets more headlines/attention and most people won't pay attention to the fact that the Simpson's are a satire, so it appears to be more racist 
Apu: Well  optimistically maybe it'll be a catalyst for actual change 
Me: We can only hope
Me: The Times of India: 'Mechanical engineers shouldn't join civil services' http://google.com/newsstand/s/CBIwnb7YrDg
Me: Not sure why Google suggested this article for me
Apu: Google algorithm has gone too far
Apu: It knows we're meant to be 
Me: Or it knows that I'm looking for a new job and that I have you as a friend, so it's using India news to guide me into civil services
Apu: OMG R U LEAVING
Apu: And coming back to dirty jerz
Me: Where would you get that from? Lol
Apu: You said it knows you're looking for a new job
Me: I never said I found one. I'm not happy with this job but I'm not actively looking for a new job
Apu: Why aren't you active 
Me: Well reviews are coming up, so I'm seeing what comes of talking with my boss. Maybe move within the company
Apu: I guess I asked the wrong question, why are you you unhappy
Me: It's boring. Not challenging. I just punch numbers into spreadsheets if I'm not writing a report or reviewing drawings. I'm not learning anything. 
Apu: So what do yo want instead? That sounds like a problem with the company from the position.. you'd need a promotion
Me: That's the problem. I need to figure that out. I have a vague suspicion of what I want to do. A promotion wouldn't solve those problems. A promotion within my group means less engineering and more project management

Apu: What do you want to do
Me: That's the problem. I need to figure that out. I have a vague suspicion of what I want to do. I think I want something research oriented or something that combines structural engineering and programming. I want to develop things

Apu: WHAT IS THIS VAGUE SUSPICION. 
Apu: Develop things
Apu: What is that 
Me: This is my vague suspicion:"I think I want something research oriented or something that combines structural engineering and programming. I want to develop things"

Develop things as in whatever you develop in research or developing software of some sort that utilizes my engineering knowledge. 

I don't really know what I want when it comes to anything in life

Apu: That's probably the most honest thing you've ever said to me lol
Apu: Well theres no great mystery too it, not everyone has or needs a direct plan 
Me: It's definitely up there in terms of most honest things I've said to you. But it's not like I lie to you. It's just most of the time we talk about bullshit, so we rarely ever deal with this reality. We talk about hypotheticals, sports, other realities and nonsense. 
Me: That is true
Apu: Yeah and I appreciate that we can bullshit too lol but are you worried about your life since you feel you don't know what you want 
Me: Yeah but don't make it sound like I'm suicidal
Apu: As long as you're not...
Me: I'm not lol
Apu: Is it possible you actually don't like engineering
Me: Why would you think that?
Apu: Just asking if it's not what you thought it would be 
Apu: Very corporate engineering might not be for you 
Me: Well my job isn't exactly what I thought it would be. I thought I was going to escape that very corporate engineering with this job by not doing conventional structural engineering. 
That's exactly it, which is why I mentioned something research-like 

Apu: Well from the people who I know are in research.. it's also very corporate cause ther s alot of funding so very beaucratic and tunnel vision.. it sounds like you want more influence in your job.. maybe startup life is for you.. #joinus
Me: Yeah that's what I was concerned about. Not surprised though. 
You need an idea before you can jump into the startup life

Apu: I meant join one, not start one 
Me: That sounds risky
Apu: ......so what
Me: Job security is nice. I don't even know where to look for startups

Apu: Why do you even need job security... We're both at an age to take risks to find what we want before family mortgages loans etc... There would literally not be a better time to look than now 
Me: I know
Apu: So what's the risk
Me: The start up fails then you are out of a job with no money for rent and other stuff
Apu: Crazy idea.. you get another job like you want now but at least you'll know a different work culture 
Me: I know hahaBut it can take awhile to find a new job

Apu: Again.. you don't have anything else to worry about unless you have 0 savings ... Take it now 
Me: Depleting the savings....
Apu: I thought the point of savings for this reason.. to save for a problem.. unless you're just hoarding cash to be burried with it 
Me: I was more shooting for the Walter White bed of money. 
Well yeah but using savings for basic living expenses is not what I'd like to use savings for

Apu: Should've been a chemical engineer
I always assumed savings were for living expenses since they're usually for emergencies.. like losing a job

Also I doubt you're gonna leave your job for a shaky company than a well funded start-up.. live a little.. nobody gets out of life alive 😏

Me: Why a chemical engineer?
Yeah, you need some savings  for emergencies and the unexpected life changes. But savings are also for things you want to save for like a trip or a car or whatever big purchase

Apu: Isn't that what white studied ? Or was it just chemistry?
I agree there's other things to spend on but if you end up at a job you actually like .. that's 8-10 hours everyday that isn't a drag.. beats the shit out of a marginally bigger house, a a4 instead of an a5, or going to Aruba instead of ibiza

Me: I think just chemistry. Yeah but I'm not trying to be Heisenberg. 
I agree

Apu: Well a bed of money comes from meth making or fraud..pick one 
Apu: If you agree, start seriously applying 
Me: I'm sure there's more ways than just those two. 
I don't even know where to look to find these places

Apu: If only there was a platform that scanned the internet for keywords and presented to you the results through an adaptive algorithm connected through various other devices to better understand your needs 
Apu: It's Google, I'm talking about Google. Not Bing. Not Yahoo. Not AskJeeves, GOOGLE
Me: Man! Wouldn't that be something! Too bad that doesn't exist. You'd think we'd have something like that by now. 
I know lol. I have already used Indeed and such to search briefly and got poor results

Apu: Gotta go to company sites...fuck job sites
Me: I know but for a brief search, job sites work fine to see what comes up
Apu: You're not really a brief person 
Me: Hahaha meaning?
Apu: You put the effort in 
Me: That is true
Me: http://deadline.com/2018/05/rick-and-morty-renewed-70-episode-order-creators-dan-harmon-justin-roiland-overall-deal-adult-swim-1202386828/
Apu: YAAAAAA@AAAAAAAZZZZZZ
Apu: Wait this is a joke 
Me: Hahaha I didn't read the article so you tell me
Apu: 70 more Rick and Morty episodes 
Me: I know! That's why I sent it to you. It sounds ridiculous but would be amazing
Apu: It sounds like a 5 season contract since they only do like 14 eps a season 
Me: Sounds about right. I thought this past season was only 10 episodes though
Apu: So it's real..70 episodes.. Jesus 
Me: You've been skeptical the whole time up til now?
Apu: It's alot .. pretty sure the last half will be shitty
Me: I know it's a lot but I'm sure it would have cane out quickly if it was a joke. Just lower your expectations enough that it seems great

Apu: I was waiting for Harmon to say it and he did so here I am .. and I'll just enjoy it and if it craps out I'll give up 
Me: Being a quiter always works. But a whole season only takes a few hours to watch, so might as well watch 

Apu: Might not be worth it .. a few hours I could commit to learning the violin 
Me: You could do that but not going to
Apu: Not with that attitude 
Apu: I love the violin
Apu: And I own one 
Me: Who doesn't love the violin?You've never shown me this violin. 
So I should expect to hear some violin from you?

Apu: Lots of people.. I've never sat into anyone's car or turned on their Spotify and BAM THEYRE PLAYING SARAH CHANG
Yeah sure you can see me play it live 

Apu: I'm sure that violin hasnt been tunee in 3 years so it'll he raw 
Me: Just because they don't listen to violin in their car doesn't mean they don't like violin. 
Well I hope you tune the violin before you get back into playing it

Apu: I mean if someone would vocalize their appreciation for the violin like me I'd respond kindly 
Me: Well same haha
Apu: SO DO YOU LIKE AND LOSTEN TO VIOLIN MUSIC 
Me: HahahaYes I like violin. I don't intentionally listen to violin but I like it when I do listen

Apu: You bougie fuck 
Me: Haha so you are calling yourself that as well? 
Apu: I'm fairly content with the rest of our lifetime communication just being Rick and Morty gifs
Me: This is how little we have to talk about now? 
Apu: Feel free to introduce a new topic 
Me: Well I went on a date like 2 weeks ago
Apu: And clearly you were unimpressed
Me: Why would you say that?
Apu: I would have heard 2 weeks ago 
Me: That not necessarily true. 
I thought you were going to say because I'm am almost never impressed 

Apu: Why wouldn't you tell me.. I'm amazing 
Me: Well you're like the 3rd person I told, so it's not like I was rushing to tell anyone hahaIf it went well, I would've waited way longer before I even told anyone

Apu: So it did go well or didn't 
Apu: She's not Brown is she 
Me: I had a good time but it didn't go well in the sense I don't want a second date. She's as pale as they get. She went to Mendham high school actually

Apu: http://amp.si.com/soccer/2018/05/24/ronaldinho-brazil-wedding-two-wives
Apu: Legend 
Me: Of course he'd find a way to make himself even more legendary
Apu: NO REPEATA DAMNIT
Apu: Me at work right now
Me: Me at work everyday
Me: Me every morning
Apu: Me Everytime I hit snooze and realize 30 minutes have passed and I'm late
Me: When you realize you are late
Apu: More like
Me: and then this when you are alone and think about the things you did to make up for being late
Apu: When I realize nobody cares if I show up or not
Me: Me coping with my job
Apu: making you face your alcoholism
Apu: 😉
Apu: You already used that one you fuck 
Me: I used it once
Apu: WRONG.
Apu: Ah fuck you used that 
Apu: Is that to much
Apu: It's to much 
Apu: I love that line
Me: It is a great line
Me: That's been used you fucker
Apu: AH FUCK
Apu: Btw I'm down in DC next week so come hang out with me Wed night 
Me: At first I was like awww you're coming down for my bday......then I saw just wednesday
Apu: The 16th.. and sadly I'll be gone lol so let me take you out Wed night
Me: Awww you know my bday. 
I was wondering when you were coming to DC. I thought it was going to happen in May

Apu: And I know you know mine 😁
Yeah it's pushed to next week lol coming in Monday night and leaving Fri morning 

Me: Yes I do!
Did you remember your son's bday?

Well I'm glad it worked out for DC

Apu: The second
Me: Look at you being a good dad lol
Me: Look at you being a good dad lol
Apu: So what do you wanna do Wednesday lol
Me: Not sure lolNats aren't playing....
What do you want to do?

Apu: Your city... Your pick 
Me: Like I know the city at all lol
Apu: You know more than me 
Me: ProbablyWhat time will you be free that day?

Apu: I'll find out tomorrow but assume after 7
Me: Well I work til 6-6:30 most days so that works out well
Are you eating dinner at this event?

Apu: Not on Wednesday
Me: Perfect! Well there's one thing lol
Apu: I'll finalize my schedule tomorrow and we'll figure it out 
Apu: Just don't wear pants 
Me: Lol
Me: You know that soheyl and navid live in the area?
Apu: R they d.c. or VA?
Me: Soheyl is in VA. Navid was living at UMD. Last I talked to Navid, he was going to move in with Soheyl in VA sometime in May or June 
Apu: Welp up to them if they wanna make the trek over
Me: Up to you if you want to break the streak with soheyl haha
Apu: 8 years might be enough lol or I just be super petty and aim to add a zero to the end of it 
Me: Might lolYou're not going to live to be that old!

Apu: SOOOOO apparently the dinner for that evening that we don't manage.. we still need to be on premise....soooooooooooooooooo how late can yah stay 
Me: Hahaha how late do you expect?
Apu: Their dinner is at seven.. so maybe 10? Or on Friday my schedule changed and I'm leaving at 7pm so happppy hour?
Me: Yeah we can meet for a drink at 10 on Wednesday. We can do happy hour on Friday as well. You head home Saturday morning then?

Apu: Friday evening ..trains at 7 
Me: Oh I thought you were done with the event at 7. Wont be much time bur we can try to meet for happy hour before you get on the train. 
Apu: Leave work early 😂
Me: Leaving work at 5:30 is considered early 😒
Apu: Say you have to pickup a family member 
Apu: I'm about too 
Me: I'll plan on leaving work at 5
Apu: 430
Me: I'll try. I'm guessing that's when you get off work

Apu: Oh no I'm done by like 3 
Apu: I'm giving you time 
Apu: Cause I'm nice 
Apu: OMG ILL JUST SHOW UP AT UOUR OFFICE 
Apu: Strippergram
Me: Lucky you!Wow so nice of you lol
That won't work lol. Security has to be notified of visitors before hand. 

Apu: I would suck at my job if I can't get passed security
Me: Well you need a key fob to go anywhere in this building
Apu: I can pickpocket
Me: I'm sure a lot of people can pickpocket. It's a matter of who gets caught
Apu: Why would my face get caught 
Me: Because of your face
Apu: Buy why 
Me: Well I don't think you could pick pocket without someone noticing. If it wasn't obviously you, then you'll probably be accused because you are brown 

Apu: Why do white people always bring up race 
Me: Because we still live in a racist society
Apu: Because of white people 
Me: True. But there are people of all races that are racist. Not saying all people are racist
Apu: All people are racist .. it's a matter of segree
Apu: Degree
Me: Well yeah. I was going along the lines of people that are minimally racist don't show it and they repress it enough that they essentially aren't racist when you put them on the spectrum of racism
Apu: Is the city insane right now 
Me: I imagine so
Apu: So happy hour on Friday.. looks like best bet 
Me: Every other day you are busy morning through night?
Apu: 6am till at least 10ish
Apu: 10ish pm
Me: Damn!
Apu: Yeah so Friday or possibly tomorrow night 
Me: I'll plan on Friday 
Apu: 👌👌
Apu: I have a $50 dinner budget.. where should I spend it 
Me: Just for dinner?
Apu: I ate lunch at home so I'm covered for two meals 
Me: Are you trying to spend the full $50 in one meal?
Apu: I don't need too but it won't rollover tomorrow so yeah I could spend on taco Bell...ORRRRR something else 
Me: I don't eat out often so I don't know many places. Doesn't help that you're vegetarian. Is it easy to find expensive vegetarian dishes?
Well I've heard Founding Farmers is good. 
If you can spend it on multiple places, then Dolcezza has good ice cream. Baked and Wired has good cupcakes 

Apu: Needs to be in one dinner spot but I've been craving ice cream..maybe that'll be my dinner 
Me: That always works haha. Try yelp. Sorry I'm no help

Apu: WERE GONNA PAINT THE TOWN GREEN. TIME TO EXPAND YOUR PALLET
Me: It's not my pallet. I need to find better friends in DC
Apu: That's why I exist 
Me: But you don't live in DC
Apu: I'll find friends and leave 
Apu: Like a magical fairy godmother except not a fairy or a mother 
Apu: I'm just god
Me: So are you going to find a wife and leave as well then?
If you ever claim to not be full of yourself, I'm going to show this text from you lol

Apu: Unless you want a Mormon marriage
Me: Do you mean polygamist? 
Apu: Why not both 
Me: Mormon doesn't necessarily mean polygamist
Apu: So you're def leaving at noon tomorrow right 😏
Me: Leaving at 4:30 lol
Apu: What's your address
Apu: Of office 
Me: 2000 L St NW
Apu: Sending you a place tonight 
Me: What do you mean?A bar for tomorrow?

Apu: Yes babe
Apu: Or you can come and stay in my room tonight 
Apu: In the tub
Me: I'm guessing close to the station?
Lol

Me: Just leaving work 😑
Apu: Not exactly 
Me: Well factor in the time to get to the station from the bar
Me: Wmata.com has a tool for trip time
Apu: I'm thinking 430-6 
Me: I see. But I'm leaving the office at 4:30 so it'll take me time to get there
Apu: I'll find somewhere nearby 
Me: Great! Thanks 
Apu: Youre more nearby than I thought
Apu: 1837 M Street, N.W, Washington, DC 20036


Me: Nice! I've heard that place is good
Apu: Concierge better not fuck me up 
Me: Haha write them a strongly worded letter if you are disappointed
Apu: We are watching Spain Portugal to prepare for tap ass
Me: Lucky you!
Me: Where you at? 
Apu: Be there in five 
Me: Same
Me: Here
Apu: Got caught up.. on 19
Me: That's a long street....
Apu: Where is it..
Me: M and 19th
Apu: Wut. Okay hold 9n
Me: Went the wrong way?Are you heading from the hotel in the Google maps photo?

Apu: I fucked up and went to your building -_- 
Me: Wow.....
Apu: BUT IM BACK ON 19TH
Apu: You  look like a nwrd
Apu: Nerd
Me: LolThat's what my coworker said

Apu: I'm bitching to the driver about the jaywalking logic here and he agreee
Me: Haha I'm not surprised he agreed
Me: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna883756Apparently people do bury ashes. So it's not unheard of to be cremated and have a tombstone

Apu: Have fun celebrating your birthday in not NJ
Me: Oh I will!
Me: https://www.washingtonian.com/2018/08/02/a-rick-and-morty-themed-bar-is-coming-to-dc/
Apu: I'll see you Aug 9
Me: Perfect! 
Apu: Genuinely worried about how packed it's going to be 
Me: Right!!! A friend waited in line for 3 hours to get into GOT pop up bar.
Apu: Yeah no if it's onlver 15 minutes..hard pass 
Me: Hahaha I doubt it'll be less than 15mins
Apu: Alright I'll bump it up to an even 30
Me: If it's longer, are you just going to turn around and go home?
Apu: I mean 
Apu: Will you invite me to stay over 
Apu: We can cuddle and watch anchorman
Apu: Soothe my disappointment
Me: Of course. Anything you want lol
Apu: Did you end up going 
Me: They pushed back the opening by a week. They probably didn't want to open the same weekend as the white supremacists rally
Apu: A sentence I rarely thought I'd reas
Apu: Followed by a sentences I never thought I'd write 
Apu: I can't keep up with how many white supremacists Rally's are going on 
Me: Yeah. It's crazy. It was weird to write. I avoided downtown this weekend. 

Apu: But you're white 
Apu: And your nickname was the president 😂😂😂
Me: Which means I could be accidentally associated as one of those fucked up people. I also expected there to be a lot of violence which I'd rather avoid. 

What does that have to do with anything?

Apu: Well considering who the current president is I think they'll welcome you with a warm hug 
Me: They'd welcome me because I'm white and not Jewish, not because of a nickname. 
Apu: Then you'd just get a handshake 
Apu: If you're the president
Apu: You get a hug 
Me: I see. They're so dumb that they think anyone named the president is actually Trump even if it's not Trump?
Apu: If they think melatonin level matters yeah 
Me: You're assuming they know what melatonin is...
Apu: You're right.. that's optimistic 
Apu: Did you ever see Elysium with Daniel rad cliffe
Apu: He plays an undercover neonazi and all I can think is.. aahhh fuck magical nazis
Me: Yeah way too optimistic lolNo I have not seen it. 
That's not an adjective I would ever expect to be used with nazis

Apu: It's not great but it's amusing to watch 
Apu: I can't believe Harry Potter went pure blood 
Me: Are you sure you're thinking of the right movie?
Apu: Imperium 
Apu: Woops
Apu: Elysium is with Matt Damon 
Me: Hahaha I have not heard of Imperium

Apu: It's on Amazon prime 
Apu: Not to bad 
Me: Watched the trailer. Can't picture Radcliffe in that role. Apparently movie was written by a 3rd grader according to IMDB review lol

Apu: Oh it's just entertaining to see Radcliffe's as a nazi
Me: Hahaha well I don't think anyone will get past picturing him only as Harry Potter 
Apu: Time to expand your mind a bit further 
Apu: He's been nude on stage 
Me: I know he's had various on-screen roles. I know he's been on Broadway. 
Of course you'd know the nude part lol

Apu: It's why I even know about a stage show in England 😂😂😂
Me: So you were googling nude pics of Radcliffe?
Me: Lol
Apu: Apparently you saw a good game 
Apu: And yes I was googling things of that nature 
Me: Yes I did! Rooney scored two goals. One as a free kick from like 20 yards out. Not surprised...lol

Apu: That free kick looked like a real shit move by the goalkeeper.. clearly playing lesser quality
Apu: But become a DC United fan 
Me: Well of course MLS is lesser quality than Rooney. I could get behind DC United

Apu: Get behind nycfc and be entertaining
Me: I would be entertaining?
Apu: You would be entertained
Me: Just checking lol
Me: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/going-out-guide/wp/2018/08/18/d-c-s-rick-and-morty-themed-pop-up-bar-gets-squanched-by-adult-swim/
Apu: FUCK OUTTAA HEREEE
Me: RIGHT!!!!
Apu: See what happens when you give up 10 seasons of your life Dan Harmon.. creativity is crushed 
Me: So this is foreboding for how the rest of the show will go?
Apu: I hope not but you never know 
Me: I'm hoping for the best but I doubt that's what we'll get
Apu: Maybe it's just a huge experiment into "how long will die hard fans stick with one show" 
Me: There are previous shows that they have that data for
Me: Today's date20+18+8+23 = 69 = multiple of 23 😯

Apu: Are you high 
Me: I wish. Really bored.....
Apu: No work to do?
Me: There's some work to do. But all of the work I do is mindless and tedious. So my mind can wander. Also I don't want to do any of it
Apu: ITS TIME TO QUIT 
Me: It's been time to quit....but I'm not quitting without a job lined up
Apu: No luck on interviewing ?
Me: I haven't even found a position that I want to apply for
Apu: Picky much?
Me: Now is a time to be picky. Why go to another job that I'm not confident I would like?
Apu: Cause you can't stand where you work now? Idk if you can stand it but if not..try an adventure
Me: Because I have a job. If I was unemployed, I'd probably rush into a job I wouldn't actually want
Me: I wouldn't want to travel alone
Apu: Or you just enjoy some time off and go do something you've wanted to do 
Me: What I want to do is travel....
Apu: Too.....
Me: IDK. There's endless places that would be cool to go see
Apu: You gotta have some idea? Domestic, international, beach, city, mountains 
Me: Any of the above. I'm doing some traveling in September. Visiting VT with some friends. Then visiting friends in Seattle. 

Apu: Well I'm down if you ever need a travel buddy .. 150k+ points just sitting around 
Apu: Just pick something good 
Me: Well now I know....Where did you get all of these points from?

Apu: Credit cards + college loan... I got 4 new credit cards that had somewhere between 30-50k points if I spent 3k in 3 months.. so I saved up, paid off a big loan by credit card and cleared the card in a day..no high interest and all points and great creddit score
Me: Damn! You did that the right way. 4 new cards is a lot though
Apu: Momma ain't raise a fool.. I spread em out so I didn't lose credit score points.. I'll probably do it again for my last semester of grad school cause it's only 5k 
Me: Of course Sheila wouldn't. Having less cards would reduce your credit score?

Apu: You shouldn't have so many open so I usually just hold a car for a year and vary the charges for the account to stay open and active .. right now I have two..an everyday card and a card for online purchases or subscriptions.. when I open the next I'll just change out my everyday one .. as long as it's either chase or capital one I can keep the points 
Me: That's way too much effort
Apu: Guess which loser is going golfing today 
Apu: ✋
Me: So you are going to be a double loser?Not a bad way to spend the work day 

Apu: I'm gonna be an eagle loser 
Apu: That's one after hole in one right 
Me: I meant doubler loser as in losing at golf and just a regular old loser. 
It goes par, birdie, eagle, albatross, hole in one
An eagle is a hole in one on a par 3

Apu: Wait what's albatross
Apu: Oh wait I got it
Apu: Ignore me 
Me: 🤣🤣
Apu: Reading isn't my strength
Me: I can tell...
Apu: https://mashable.com/article/breaking-bad-aaron-paul-westworld-season-3/?utm_cid=mash-com-Tw-main-link
Am I excited or scared about this

Me: I don't watch West World but be ready Bitch!
Apu: Give it a shot ..it's worth season 2
Me: So season 1 stinks?
Apu: It's just real slow but you need it for 2 
Me: Perfect....
Me: Happy Birthday!!! 
Apu: Thanks babeeee
Me: Of course!
Apu: Come back from DC and celebrate..dinners at 7 😘
Me: I can't haha
Apu: WHY NOT 
Me: It's a long drive
Apu: If you take the train now you can make it 
Me: Why don't you come to DC?
Apu: Cause 12 train tickets is alot versus one 
Me: Why 12?
Apu: That's how many people are coming to dinner but you'd be lucky 13 
Me: Now I don't feel special
Apu: I JUST SAID YOURE LUCKY 13. OR YOU CAN INVITE 10 OTHER PEOPLE I DONT KNOW AND COME LAST AND BE LUCKY 23
Me: I don't think anyone considers those numbers lucky
Apu: Hola
Me: Hola. Que pasa?
Apu: I talked for like 10 min about you today so thought I'd say hi
Me: Why were you talking about me? 
Apu: Why not 
Me: True. So what did you say about me?
Apu: We were talking about people we grew up with and I said you were the smart one who also was athletic 
Apu: And then they asked if you were Indian 
Apu: I said deep down 
Me: Did they think I was Indian because of smart and athletic, or because you are Indian?  
You really think I'm Indian deep down?

Apu: Because I am 
Apu: Are you family oriented .. y/n
Apu: Let's take an Indian test 
Me: FiguredDefine family oriented

Apu: Do you prioritize family over most other things and concern yourself with over their well being 
Me: I guess
Apu: Do you have a spiritual or existential belief that your actions impact the community and society around you 
Me: Cross out spiritual and existential. Then yes my actions could 
Apu: Do you like spicy food
Me: Yes
Apu: Do you hate anything
Me: Yes
Apu: Such as 
Me: My job
Apu: Do you abhor anything
Me: Possibly. 
Apu: Such as 
Me: I can't think of anything at the moment
Apu: Then I don't think that's abhor 
Apu: Do you fear groups of white people 
Apu: Such as the British 
Me: The KKK, the Nazis, the fascist Italians, any other groups associated with those people, Trump supporters
Apu: So most white people.. good 
Apu: How about black people 
Me: That would be insane if that was most white people
Not sure

Me: There is probably at least one group of every ethnicity to fear
Apu: Hmm that's a minus.. for some reason alot of Indians don't like black people... It's the darkest thing 
Apu: Do you hate other Indian people 
Apu: That are not my people 
Me: You fear all black people? Not hate?
Apu: I'm not part of that group thankfully
Apu: I mostly fear white people 
Apu: Well white groups not people 
Me: I'm sure there are gangs that you fear
Apu: Depending on how you define gang 
Me: An organized group of criminals
Apu: Well for the most part know because if they're organized they probably know I can't hurt them so why would they hurt me 
Me: Sorry. I didn't see this text come through. 
Well you are assuming that they are rational people. 

Me: I thought of something that I abhor. People that take several days to respond to texts 
Apu: Ah fuck
Me: What?
Apu: I forgot for like 3 weeks to respond 
Me: But that rarely happens with you. It's people that do it regularly 
Apu: Does this count as regularly 
Me: Looks like it's becoming regular
Me: Lol
Apu: I gotta say the whole question of you being Indian has sent me for a loop cause I actually talked through this point with 2 other Indian people on what it means and its an interesting point to clarify 
Me: You talked with them about the question of me being Indian or about what it means to be Indian in general?Which point? 

Apu: In general and it's interesting what it means to be Indian once you start articulating it 
Me: But isn't generalizing a bad thing?
Apu: ...wait what 
Me: You are generalizing about what it means to be Indian 
Apu: Well I don't think that's necessarily bad though .. I understand not everyone fits into a check list but having a framework can help others better understand a value and belief system so when we talked about it I realized a few things that I noticed other cultures might not have 
Me: I should have been more specific. It's bad to generalize about something too broad. If you were generalizing about what it means to be Jain, then I would agree with you that generalizing can be good and helpful. However, you are generalizing an entire country, which happens to have one of the largest populations in the world. It's absurd to generalize that population
Apu: Okay yes we shouldn't generalize any broad category but identifying patterns and trends can be considered generalizing. I think it gets murky when the generalizations debilitate choice or thought and remove the ability to see nuance. Saying most people of Indian heritage are spiritual is an assumption that I think is fair and can give you a framework. That generalization gives context to things like practices and customs. I'm also not saying other cultures or nations aren't. Like Swedish people could or could not be, I have no idea but generally speaking I'd say no. If I  learn they are, no harm no foul, just change my perspective. I think having the ability to see those patterns can inform your perspective about meeting a group of people as long as you're reasonable.
Apu: Like I wouldn't go to Sweden and ask about the various temples of any faith around their nation. But if someone said, we have 3 general spiritual temples to allow people to practice an open faith, that would change my opinion and then give me a prompt to ask more. If someone asked me about my spirituality or my religious or cultural experiences for spirituality, I understand where they're coming from more 
Me: The point I was getting at was being reasonable. But saying most people of Indian heritage are spiritual is vague. Most does not accurately portray the picture of the population. It helps in the sense that knowing that is better than knowing nothing. But I view generalizations as the bare minimum of information to portray a fact. Once you dive into using statistics, then it's not exactly generalization anymore
Apu: Okay yeah we're saying the same thing.. generalization can get you started but it's never the entire picture 
Apu: So how's life 
Me: Glad we're on the same page. 
It going. The same old here. Still struggling to find a job. 
How about you?

Me: *It's 
Apu: Rarely we aren't lol Still hating your current job? 

Apu: Well one semester to go, onto two more contract gigs until I can actually get full time work 
Apu: Mom's birthday Saturday and we went to a friend's restaurant that I highly recommend if you're back in town in Montclair 
Apu: I'm watching cheers for the first time and I get why it's so popular.. a rare old sitcom where the jokes are still funny 
Apu: Nobody dead imprisoned or hospitalized recently
Apu: So yeah life's chugging a long 
Me: Right! Most of the time we aren't on the same page is because of communication breakdown. 
Of course I'm still hating it. 

That's great! How long is one contract gig?

What's the restaurant?

Damn you've gotten desperate with shows. 

How many people do you know going to or in jail?

I did some traveling in September. Went to VT for a weekend and Seattle for a long weekend. 

Apu: Both gigs are till end of the year .. I was actually in Pittsburgh on Fri .. they got some bridges if you didn't know 😏
It's called Benovo in Montclair, a friend in my grad programs dad is executive chef and I thought he was just talking up his dad but I'm telling you... 4 years my mom has hated going out for her birthday cause no one makes fancy food she likes till she had the gnocchi there

Dude. Watch cheers. It holds up even now 

Apu: I know 2 people who went to jail for doing dumb shit but only overnight 
Apu: What's in Seattle for a long weekend...
Me: So you are on your last semester and last two gigs? End of year as in December 2018?
I have kyaked under those bridges and driven over them. 

I'll have to try it sometime. 

I'll add cheers to the list. 

What stupid thing did they do?

I have two friends from VT out there.  Do I need a reason to visit somewhere? 

Apu: Last academic semester then residency program but that can just be a job where I can work full time .. yes by end of December 2018 I'm done with the academic side. I get my degree in may 2019. 
Run from the cops cause they were hammered

Yes normally there's a reason to visit like you know people.. unless you were really just interested in Seattle 

Me: So we'll just say you are done in December. They are trying to sound fancy by calling it a residency program. 
Sounds like you only find the smartest friends lol

True. But I have only heard good things about Seattle

Apu: So what did you find in Seattle
Me: Drugs
Apu: I mean besides that 
Me: Space Needle, Ballard Locks, Pike Place Market, hiking, Fremont Troll, a lot of eating, breweries, bars, a cidery, a ferry
Apu: You did all that in one weekend 
Apu: How productive 
Me: I might have missed some things. Yeah but that was over 3 full days. Long days and less sleep than usual

Apu: You would think a guy who gets no sleep in general because of work hours would take some downtime 
Apu: But here we are 
Apu: Climbing buildings and eating ferries 
Me: Haha I have more downtown than you make it sound. I've just been spending that time searching for jobs and taking online courses. 
Are you sure you are describing those activities correctly? Lol

Apu: Whatever just happen to putting on movie, eating Doritos, drinking red bull and scratching yourself 
Apu: Where's that Trevor 
Apu: Yes all of those activities are correct 
Me: Hahaha I don't know
It's not helping that today I volunteered for 7 hours through habitat for humanity. Then went for a run. 

They sound quite interesting lol

It's not like I like my life right now

Apu: How can you not like life after 7 hours ofthat 
Me: Yes. That was a good 7 hours. But that's 7 hours every 3 months at best. That doesn't exactly describe my life
Apu: Hey appreciate what you have while you can.. trophy husband goals take time so enjoy what you can 
Me: I do appreciate what I have........minus the job. The job search and online courses does suck though

Me: So I'm currently trohpy husband material?
Apu: I would imagine so 
Me: AWWW thanks
Apu: I imagine your soul is purified
Apu: And youre less bitter 
Me: Ha yes my soul cannot be further purified as a result
Bitter is not the right word

Apu: What's the word 
Me: Frustrated, stressed, down...
Apu: Have you considered alcoholism 
Apu: Rick seems to be in the same space and he figured out space travel 
Apu: Why not quit your job .. it ain't worth being like that is it
Me: I don't sleep well drunk
He was a genius before the alcoholism though

That is an option. But I don't think it'll solve anything. It'll just add the problem of draining my savings indefinitely. It also doesn't look good randomly quitting without another job lined up. It doesn't help my job search. My explanation for quitting would be pretty poor because majority of people wouldn't see issues with my current job

Apu: What is your explanation for quiting that people.wont see 
Apu: I imagine a lot of people understand having a soul sucking non challenging job 
Me: People would think my job is ideal: decent pay, good location, good people, good benefits, decent work environment minus the hours. I guess it boils down to it being tedious, mindless, and not challenging work. I guess I just wouldn't expect people to understand the not challenging part.
You don't want your job to challenge you? 

Apu: No I want a job that challenges me and I think at least eighty percent of people do once they realize money isn't enough if they're bored 
Apu: Hence why they're miserable
Me: I thought you enjoyed being able to watch Netflix at work
Apu: Not as much as doing planning and strategy .. Netflix is a break, not the job 
Me: Awwww you are growing up. 
Me: It doesn't help that you are at a point where you struggle to find new shows to watch
Apu: I'd be happy to rewatch things but I still want professional success and that means some sort of autonomy and I think most people want that too. I just know i only get that by kicking ass 
Me: What is success for you?
Apu: Alot of what you said but in a different order 
I'd probably start with a job I like and sets me up long term .. I worked a well paid job but I was miserable so in 2 months i would've taken a pay cut if it meant going back to things I like; marketing campaign planning, business strategy, and operational support for internal teams, maybe a little client services. I guess good people and environment are included because that's what makes it at least fun.. right now my part time p r. Gig is fine because the work is new and challenging but sucks cause I don't have a relationship with my boss 

Second is pay since I'm young but if I'm making 60k or so at 26 I'm confident.. that's more than most and my field is notoriously cheap so that salary is financial success

Area matters because friends and family are here but I also love any big cultured city near a lot of things I'd be fine in.. I'd go international for like a London or Monaco or even Toronto, something English speaking.

Apu: I think long term so if I think it's setting me up for a leadership position in strategy or operations, I fall back on that perspective when I'm annoyed
Me: I didn't list them in any particular order. And those things were not how I would define success. They were basic qualifiers for an ideal job. 
I haven't had to think long term. Working as an engineer, I just have to put in the hours, get the experience, and my path is laid out to move up in the company. Yes there will be pivotal points in that path where I have to think long term and make sure I get the right experience to end up in the right position such as CEO, CTO, etc. 

Looking for a new job, especially one that is different than my original path, I now especially have to think long term. I haven't really had to do that previously. Everything has sort of been laid out given that I thought I knew the path I wanted. But that changed once I got into the professional world and got experience. It stinks that my current best job opportunity doesn't set me up long term. Or at least I don't see how it sets me up long term and the experienced gained from it won't help me if I transition again after that position

Apu: Yeah I know it wasn't in order for you I just thought I'd give you my pov in a list because I do think success in different things comes with a different weight in my overall happiness .. how would you define success then (professionally)? 
Me: Yeah I agree that they have different weights. 
I have never really given my definition of success much thought. This goes back to what I was saying before about how my path felt laid out. I felt like I didn't need to think about my definition of success. If I went down that path and made it far down that path, then I felt like I would be at a point that would make me feel successful. 

But now that I think about it, some of those things I listed aren't just qualifiers for an ideal job. The things that would define success for me (in no particular order): pay, sense of achievement, enjoying the work, not sure what else. I feel like there are others. 

I'm struggling with this because I don't even know what job I want right now. I can't think about what I want 30 years from now. I feel like definition of success is also tied to the job you have/want, but I guess that would be job specific goals, which relates back to sense of achievent. I guess I'm just talking out loud

Apu: Okay talk out loud some more... What did you think the end goal was 
Me: Well typically it would be to be a principal in the firm. 
Apu: Which means you would do what 
Me: Be the highest engineer in the office. Oversee all of the projects being worked on in that office. Business development. But for a company as big as mine, there is room to move up to regional manager and so on to maybe CEO or president
Apu: And now that's being questioned because 
Me: Right now I can't see myself moving towards less technical. But I guess that will happen with every position. It's being questioned because my job is in question 
Apu: Wait sorry your job is in question from your side or the company isn't sure if they need you 
Me: In question from my side as in I don't know what job I want. If it's in question by my company, I don't know about it 

Apu: Okay so you're not sure if management is for you as a business person and you believe you want to say on the technical and project side of it 
Me: Correct
Apu: So what's the highest technical position that isn't c suite 
Me: Well within my current group, project manager is maybe 10% technical. That is 2 positions above me, so I'd be there in 5 years
Apu: And that's not enough ? 
Me: So your saying I should stay at the next level position which I should be promoted to in less than a year from now?
Me: *you're 
Apu: Sorry that came out wrong .. I'm saying what's at the project manager role that isn't satisfying 
Me: It's not technical. It all the non technical work associated with projects. Handling all of the coordination with the architect and other disciplines. Business development. Reviewing other people's work. It's all of the non-technical work that needs to be done for a project. None of it sounds enjoyable or challenging. Well it would be challenging in the sense that all of the project managers in my group are over worked. 
Apu: So what's the highest technical job 
Me: The one above me
Apu: And this is just at your firm 
Apu: Or just the general structure of an engineer
Me: Mostly in general for structural engineer. My group is different than conventional structural engineer though. It seems like you stay more technical longer as a conventional structural engineer
Apu: So have you thought about starting your own firm 
Apu: Seems like that's the only way to get the long term goal you want is totally autonomy
Me: I wouldn't even know where to start with that or even what type of firm
Apu: What's to figure out? Isn't the hardest part the actual engineering 

Me: I need to have something figured out
Apu: What do you mean
Me: I can't just start a business without knowing at least what business I'm starting
Apu: Yeah that'll take time to get specifics but if you're trying to figure out where you want to go in your career .. maybe it is being your own boss 
Me: I know it'll take time to get specifics. But I have no starting point. 
Apu: Well let's see.. you've saved up some money so that's part capital cost, you've been working at a huge firm in our capital so you have some credibility and probably a network, you've got a decent understanding of a big companies inner workings so you got some operations... Sounds like a starting point 
Me: Don't have any network because I don't interface with clients. Inner workings of a large firm don't get me anywhere with a small business. 
So I have enough capital which wouldn't last long. Now what to do with that capital? How to make more capital? I don't have a product. It's not like I know I want to open a restaurant where the hard part is figuring out type and menu

Apu: A network also means other engineers who guide , join, and support you.. eventually those people get into management and they hire someone they know does good work and who better than someone they came up with.. Harvard isnt about the education, it's getting to meet influential people and your firm may not be Harvard but it's not rutgers either 
You know some of the best practices of a big business which helps you scale, which is the real challenge.. otherwise you run a semi successful business into the ground 

I don't know enough about engineering but I'm guessing you bid on projects and your role is client communication and leading a design team  and then partner with actual contractors who do the execution .. so the capital starts with getting a sales network and traveling to get business and use your capital as leverage for loans on initial costs.

Apu: Starting a business isn't for everyone but if it's really about being in the field and having some autonomy then you gotta do it your own way or in a few years you join a small company and grow them where you use your expertise to have control so they let you remain technical
Me: I know there's also that network. 
If I were to start a business, it would be a one man show for a decent amount of time. Well it's dependent on so many factors. So knowing those practices would help as I scale, but not directly initially. 

Yes bidding on projects is one area. But engineering could also involve selling a product or service. I guess doing the design work is a service though. I think I would want to be more in the business of products given my interest in programing but could delve in both assuming my product gives me an edge over competitors for bidding on projects. 

Apu: Well everything starts as a one man show but it's alot easier now. Legalzoom has a whole kit to get a business registered, up work can get you an accountant and design some branding material for pitching, sales is up to you but I'm sure for the first few jobs you could partner with someone for just a financial split if they have bidding experience. And there's no reason you can't have both design service and a product. It's just how you position it as either you need the service to activate the product or the service is key and the product is ancillary. 
Apu: It's a gargantuan task to plan it all out and have a business plan but if you're really thinking long term and realizing you always want a hand in the technical side, this would be a normal next step 
Me: I understand there are services out there to make starting a business easier. 
Yeah I'm not saying plan out every little detail but I thought writing out some sort of business plan is the first step before starting a business

Apu: So do it? It'll at least make it more real and give you a plan 
Me: I'll give it thought. But I have no clue about the product/service
Apu: You just need to specialize in something
Me: Well yeah
Apu: So you don't have something in mind
Me: Not reallyStructural engineering software. Could tie in blast

Apu: Blast?
Me: What I current do
Me: *currently
Apu: Lmk your thoughts on house of cars finale 
So you sort of have an idea of what you want to do.. do other firms exist of specifically what you want 

Me: I'm only on episode 2 lol
Other firms make software in that area. My firm has an in house division for it. None of the companies have offices and/or openings in DC

Apu: So why don't you just get an informational interview during your lunch with a CEO and ask how they started 
Me: You mean someone that started their own company?
Apu: Yes
Me: You make that interview sound like a casual everyday thing lol
Apu: Any reason it can't be 
Me: Idk. I guess it depends on the CEO
Apu: Well I just did it an hour ago with a VP of consulting and as long as you pose it as personal knowledge .. I think people are understanding 
Me: Nice! How did it go?
Apu: Healthy 40 min conversation but why don't you try 
Me: Nice! I'll consider it
Apu: JUST DO IT TREVOR.
Apu: FIND SOMEONE.
Me: EVENTUALLYTHAT'S THE HARD PART

Apu: It's easy .. everyone's bio of executives is on LinkedIn
Me: Find one for me
Apu: If I do will you reach out 
Me: If it's the right person
Apu: Define the right person so I find the right people
Me: Something in STEM. Software related maybe. 
Related to structural engineering maybe. 
Work in DC
Started their own company 

Apu: Pretty good parameters
Apu: Whats your firm called 
Me: I'm glad you approved. Although you probably figured those given our conversation. 
Thornton Tomasetti

Apu: Do you have a firm in mind you would want to work at 
Apu: Also what's your email 
Me: Not particularly. I have applied to variety of companies like Boeing and Northrop Grumman. They don't do bridges or buildings obviously haha. Got denied by Boeing quickly though lol. 

tszabo616@gmail.com

Apu: Just sent you three on a quick Google 
Me: You emailed them?
Apu: No I sent you people to reach out too 
Me: Sorry. I meant you emailed the names to me
Apu: Well the orgs leadership page.. just pick someone to get yourself started 
Me: Ok. Thanks. Haven't gotten the email yet
Apu: Check your spam
Me: No luck
Apu: It's cause I can't spell
Me: I know haha
The first one no longer exists in DC. Their DC office was bought by another firm lol

Never heard of other two

Apu: Welp it's a start 
Me: I know. Thanks
Apu: Don't fuck it up 
Me: How would I do that? 
Apu: Use the wrong name 
Apu: Use the wrong company
Me: Those are a possibility...
Me: What should I put on an application for what makes me unique in 150 characters or less?
Apu: Oof that's a tough one I hate those cause it's just pointless way to figure out if someone is creative .. Reddit is probably your best bet for word choice and inspiring words choice 
Me: I don't care enough to go that far. Also, that's too public 
Apu: Don't steal it directly but it'll probably tell you a better structure 
Me: Obviously but I just want to be done with it tonight 
Apu: Do it tomorrow before work so you're first in the inbox in the morning 
Me: 150 characters is like nothing
Me: It's done
Apu: Which is...
Me: I led a team to 20th overall at a national intercollegiate competition, where students analyze, design and fabricate a scale steel bridge.
Me: I realized this makes it sound like I was just an advisor, not an actual participant. But whatever
Apu: Did you already submit
Me: Yep
Apu: Welp it is what it is 
Me: Exactly 
Apu: Are you home 
Me: I am
Apu: Hang out later ? 
Me: Sure. Define later
Apu: After 9ish lol.. a close family member just had a baby so trying my best to be a good uncle 
Me: Sounds good. And congratulations!
Apu: He said thank you 
Apu: Still stuck for a bit.. what are you doing Friday 
Me: Figured. Not sure. Haven't thought that far

Apu: Think now and get lunch with me 
Me: Haha I'd be down for lunch
Apu: 👍👍👍 we'll go somewhere fancy 
Me: Which is taco Bell for you...
Apu: No we'll upgrade to something fancier 
Me: Wow! Impressive!
Apu: Like Chipotle 
Me: Hahahaha
Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: If you find it I'm in 
Me: But you can't have mcnuggets
Apu: I can have the sauce 
Me: I'm sure that'll be very filling
Apu: Compared to the Mexican Thanksgiving we're about to have I think sauce the next day will help clear out my insides
Me: What's a Mexican Thanksgiving? 
Apu: The food is Mexican and we're grateful that immigration laws are stricter now than in the 70s
Me: That's what I figured
Apu: What do you do for Thanksgiving
Me: It'll just be us at home. You?
Apu: We went out for a family and then home for another family so it was a bit too much .. food at 1230 
Me: Yeah I like the laziness of my day. 
Sounds good

Apu: Down in a min
Me: Ok
Apu: Beep beep
Apu: COME BACK FOR THE INDIAN FOOD 
Me: Ahhh I will stop by tomorrow 
Apu: Okay good 
Me: Is hennah's bf Indian?
Apu: Nope Filipino and Puerto Rican
Apu: Also send me 15 for lunch 
Me: Michael thought he was Indian. Will do

Apu: RACIST 
Me: RIGHT!apurva-parikh-2 ?

Apu: Yes
Me: Great!
Apu: WHAT IS THAT EMOJI TREVOR 
Me: Meat
Apu: Why.
Me: Well meat is food
Apu: This is why we're not married
Me: What reason is that?This is the only reason or the defining reason?

Apu: That we have a whole discussion where I CONVINCED YOU TO BECOME VEGETARIAN AND THAN 11 MINUTES WITH WHITE PEOPLE AND BACK TO SQUARE ONE 
Apu: You talk about white power 
Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: You were not even close to convincing me to becoming vegetarian. When did I talk about white power?

Apu: That's the power of white people.. make you forget what matters....me 
Me: You sound quite selfish right now
I thought you would appreciate that I paid you for meat

Apu: But it's not my meat.
Apu: I really should get you involved in my porno project 
Me: That is trueI didn't know you had a porno project 

Apu: I TOLD YOU ABOUT IT.  trail of tears but plot twist is that I enslave the whites 
Me: I didn't think it was an actual project. I thought it was a thought provoking conversation
Apu: A thought provoked by my project of what you would make a porno of 
Me: But you're not actually making the porno
Apu: Well right now I don't have a cast set but it's possible
Me: Well anything is possible 
Apu: I have no budget . It's all royalties
Me: You pay cast in royalties?Limitless budget?

Me: You home?
Apu: Errands before dinner..what's up 

Also limited budget means you make everything in royalties 

Me: I was gonna pick up the Indian food. But nevermind. Heading down to beach house now
Apu: I'll leave some in your mailbox 👍
Me: That won't help me 
Apu: Are you going straight after 
Me: Well I won't be coming back here
Apu: When are you leaving for the beach house 
Me: Like now
Apu: DUCK
Apu: Fuck
Apu: I'll get you next time
Me: So that's what you are into....
Sounds good

Apu: https://tvanswerman.com/2018/11/25/hulu-now-available-for-99-cents-a-month/amp/?__twitter_impression=true
Me: Not a bad deal
Me: So that list of music I showed you on my phone, I've downloaded like 40 songs but have not even made a scratch in the list 😐
Apu: https://twitter.com/JohnBennettBBC/status/1068571197435195392?s=19
Me: Ridiculous!
Me: Do you have to create an account through BBC america to watch Dr who episodes?
Apu: I didn't 
Apu: It should just go thru your TV provider account 
Me: It didn't prompt the tv provider account. It asked my to sign into BBC America account. I'll try again later 😑
Apu: How's hockey
Me: It was good. Then the Caps blew a big lead and lost
Apu: That makes it good?
Me: I meant to say "But then..."
Apu: Well good thing you're not a caps or hockey fan 
Me: Yes good thing lol. But I have a decent amount of friends here that are both
Me: I accepted a job offer
Apu: WHERE.
Me: Naval ship design firm in Crystal City (Arlington VA)
Apu: YOURE MOVING DOWN TH3 STREET 
Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: Hahahaha Amazon thinks it's a good spot. I'll have time off before starting. Trip?

Apu: Who cares what Amazon thinks 
Apu: Pick a place 
Me: I'll think about it
Apu: Keep it cheap since I am about to start my job search in a week 
Me: Define cheap 
Apu: ...define not cheap
Me: I don't know what cheap is for travel
Apu: Drivable, Airbnb, ramen 
Me: Doesn't sound like a fun trip
Apu: I'm not a fun person Trevor.. it's just to wear you down before we go back to our twin size mattress
Me: Hahahaha
Apu: Is it working 
Me: Nope
Me: Barcelona?
Apu: It's in Spain
Apu: You have a smartphone you can look it up 
Me: LolThat's where I'm thinking of traveling

Apu: What's in Barcelona
Me: You make it sound like there's no reason to go there. Where would you go?

Apu: Let's see....they got a lisp, a boiling civil war for independence, and a decent football team 
Apu: I'm open since I got 100k points for hotel and airfare
Apu: When do you come home 
Me: There are more reasons than just those to visit
Nice! I thought you were trying to be cheap. I'm planning on flights on 27 or 28 and then the 4th

I'm driving to beach house on this Saturday. 

Apu: ITA FUCKIN NOVEMBER TREVOR. WHAT ARE YOU DOING AT A BEACH HOUSE?
Apu: If you have ideas of what's there..shoot it over.. Spain and Portugal were the big countries I missed when I went to Europe previously 
Me: It's definitely not November lolMy mom and sister are there. 

I have to do more searching. I forget what I came across. Food and wine is a big thing I'm excited about. 
I imagine it would be a cool spot to be for New year's

I was planning on just doing Airbnb. Like $20 per night. Not bad at all

Still need to book stuff. Flights were at least $1200 😑

Apu: I'm clearly a but drunk on my day off 
Apu: 1200 for a flight makes me want to spend another 600 and bring you to India ;)
Me: Lol
I thought going to India wasn't your favorite?

Apu: It's my least but it'll be a new experience for you 
Me: Hahahaha doesn't sound worth it for you
Apu: It'll prove to you I'm the best Indian out there 
Me: You are willing to go to your least favorite place and spend all of that money to prove that?
Apu: I'm not very responsible
Me: HahaI've started a list of things Barcelona is known for. I'll share. It's a rough start to a list

Me: Hopefully it's the right email 
Apu: None of these are dick pics
Me: Lol
Apu: I put in some comments 
Me: You don't want to climb Tibidabo?
Apu: Hard pass
Me: No hiking of any sort?
Me: I'm planning on booking flight and Airbnb tonight
Apu: What dates are you confirmed for 
Apu: And no we can hike .. it'll be romantic
Apu: Good news bad news
Good news contract extended for work 

Bad news.. need to come in after Xmas and back on Jan 2 so can't do the trip 😢

Me: Damn! That is fortunate and unfortunate!
Congrats on the extension. 

Looks like I'll have to go alone. I was wondering how you were having so much time off

Me: Sorry I missed you call
Apu: Gonna insert peer pressure here and convince you to push the trip to the summer 🙂
Me: I can't do it in the summer. I might be able to take another trip then but I won't have PTO accrued for awhile. Also, I'll have to take some PTO Lauren's wedding and I have a wedding in Lebanon in the summer
Apu: LAURENS GETTING MARRI3D IN LEBANON. WHAT A WORLD 
Apu: Welp certainly can't be upset about that.. but I am gonna be massively jealous that you get to go out there 
Me: UNRELATED. TWO SEPARATE WEDDINGS

Me: Stinks that it didn't work out
Apu: That's actually super depressing they're unrelated 
Me: Why is that depressing?
Apu: That would be amazing news that your sister wanted to get married in Lebanon
Me: Why?
Apu: Why would she 
Me: I'm not saying she would. It would be amazing but that didn't seem like the the word that would be most fitting

Apu: It's definitely the right word.. I would be amazed if she chose Lebanon
Me: Still not convinced
Apu: What benefits does she get going to Lebanon versus any other place that outweighs a failing government and military intervention
Me: Regardless of whether there is or isn't benefits, I can't place the right word
Apu: The word is ridiculous 
Me: I can agree with that
Me: Well I agree with amazing but something along the lines of ridiculous seems more appropriate
Apu: I mean would you do a wedding in Lebanon if your wife wasn't Lebanese 
Me: Probably not
Me: Thoughts on Real Madrid vs Villarreal?
Apu: Go go go 
Apu: If you can
Me: That's what I was planning on doing. It's like 3 hr train ride to Villarreal, which is not too bad
Apu: I'd go super early the morning of the game and sleep on the train and just get into the stadium 
Me: Why?
Apu: It's Madrid coming to town.. gonna be packed 
Me: Well yeah but how long could it take to get into that stadium?
Apu: I think as an American tourist traveling alone in a major city at a major event.. you're easy pickin in a big crowd, especially euro soccer crowds that rage outside the stadium for awhile
Me: So you think it's unsafe for me to go?
Apu: Nah I think you're 99.9% fine but mitigate what you can and if you go early in the morning you can maybe do 1-2 other things in the city and then get to the game .. I'm thinking get there at like 10, have 2 hours  to walk around and eat.. get into the stadium at 1 for a 3pm start and then you're out by 6ish assuming you hang out a bit after to avoid the rush leaving 
Apu: That's how I'd plan 
Me: Shit! I don't think know if it's going to work out. We both fucked up the start time. It's 3:30pm EST on 1/3. That means 9:30pm local time
Me: Doesn't look like it's going to work out 😔
Apu: Or it works out amazingly that you spend the entire day in the city man .. it's an opportunity
Apu: Get in at noon, get some lunch, so a few things there and then figure out when gates open 
Me: My flight is the next day at 10:40 am out of barcelona
Me: The earliest train would get me back to Barcelona at 9:30am
Apu: What time is the last train that night 
Me: 8:58pm
Apu: Rent a car and drive it .. it's probably cheaper all together 
Me: That's what I'm looking into now
Apu: Pretty sure international license is like 10 bucks 
Me: What do I need to do for that?
Apu: For the car....
Me: Obviously lolI meant how do I go about getting one. 
My dad said it's not necessary

Apu: I asked Henah who travels alot and she said some countries require it so she said to check 
Apu: But you'd need to do it soon because it may take some time 
Me: Yeah Spain requires one. Looks like I don't have time to get one before leaving -_-
Apu: You could get it official in Spain ?
Me: Official drivers license of Spain? I'm not a resident of spain
Apu: I meant apply now and maybe it'll be processed in time 
Apu: But it's probably pushing it 
Me: I'll see
Me: It's not working out
Apu: So you got me thinking and I just realized my passport expires Jan 6 2019 so I was up for a renewal but I cant travel if it's being renewed so good thing I wasn't going or I could've been screwed
Apu: No other games will be by you worth seeing 
Me: Well your passport would've been valid the whole time while traveling so you would've been fine. 
It's unfortunate I can't make it to a game

Apu: But I'd have to get it renewed before it expired so even if I came back on the 4th, I would be submitting the Monday after and renewal is way easier than starting after expiration
Me: Well yeah but would you turn down a trip just because you would have to go through a harder renewal process?
Apu: ........
Apu: Depends on my mood 
Me: That's weird
Apu: I've done more for less 
Me: More traveling for less?
Apu: Effort wise 
Me: You're not exactly helping your initial point
Apu: My initial point was it could cause a problem if I didn't look at my passport today 
Apu: Which in itself is a matter if laziness since I should've looked sooner 
Me: But you said you've put in more effort for less in return, so laziness should not have been an issue on this one
Apu: Or I need even lesser return than international travel for acceptable effort 
Me: Or more effort for the same return
Apu: Have a safe trip darling 
Me: Thanks sweetie
My flight is at 7:30 tonight

Apu: Do you need a ride 
Me: Nope. Both parents are home
Me: Thanks though 
Apu: I see your cat is the main form of entertainment
Me: It's quite boring at home
Apu: Wanna help me with work instead ? 
Me: Can't. Need to pack and stuff
Apu: Are you done packing yet 
Apu: 😇
Apu: Fuck 
Me: Left a little early
Apu: SO HOW WAS IT 
Me: IT WAS GREAT!!!
Apu: ......
Apu: And then you say but I missed your brown ass 
Me: Hahahaha
Apu: So what happened 
Me: What do you mean?
Apu: Like what happened in Barcelona
Apu: Do you have an std
Me: I did a lot of site seeing, eating, drinking. 
I do not have an STD lol

Apu: ..... That's all ? 
Apu: How very descriptive
Apu: You should start a blog 
Me: Well I answered the question. 
Yes I should start a blog. It would be very popular because of the brevity. 

Well I did most of the stuff on that list. I stayed in Barcelona the whole week. I walked everywhere. I walked a total of 102 miles. One day I walked 26 miles. That day I was out the door at 9:30am and was out drinking and dancing until 4:30am. 
It turns out I knew someone in Barcelona so I met up with her a few times. 
I hiked up Tibidabo. That same day I did the tour of Camp Nou and the museum. 

Apu: Her eh? 👀😇
Apu: And how was Los Camp Nou
Apu: Twenty fucking six miles. 
Me: Lol it was a friend of a friend who I had met previously at VT
I took 1123 pics in total lol

Camp Nou was great! It's a cool stadium. Got to go through a good portion of the stadium from high up at the boxes to down at the coaches seats. Got to sit in those seats as well as the regular seats. I saw the visitors locker room and the press room. 

Apu: Is this what you do for a living 
Apu: https://twitter.com/whitelaw827/status/1085232525499342856?s=19
Me: That's the opposite of what I did
Apu: I'll call you tonight to talk about it 
Me: Ok hun
Me: You sent a picture.
Me: The painting I bough in Barcelona 
Me: *bought
Apu: I need to see it on the wall cause that looks kinda small 
Me: At the top is a full sized text book to give a sense of size
Me: I need to go get it framed which will be the most expensive part
Apu: OBVIOUSLY WE'RE INCAPABLE OF DEPTH PERCEPTION
Me: I don't think that means what you think it means
Apu: Life story 
Me: HahahaDoes the book help at least? That dimension of the book is about 1ft

Me: Well what do you think of the painting?
I cleared my voicemail btw

Apu: IVE SPENT 3 WEEKS THINKING ABOUT IT.
Apu: I like it 
Apu: Also I had a dream about you and it was wonderful
Apu: Hence me texting you 
Me: I didn't expect it to be so thought provoking. 
I'm glad you like. I just got it framed

I'm sure it was lol

Apu: Send me the framed picture
Apu: It wasn't btw .. you were and I swear you not making this up at all a Nazi sympathizer 
Apu: I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT MY SUBCONSCIOUS IS TELLING ME 
Me: I will once I hang it
Your English is horrible. And no, I do not believe you lol

Since when should you ever believe anything in your mind?

Apu: IM NOT KIDDING. IT WAS WEIRD. I remember you were in the room and some dude becaeme a Nazi and you were like we should hear what he has to say and I DID. What the fuck is going on 
Me: If it's saying anything, it's that you would trust me with anything even in the most fucked up situations and when you know you shouldn't
Apu: You received a GIF.
Apu: You're basically Jesus 
Me: Not the first time I've been told that lol
Apu: ....... In what context 
Me: The middle schooler I tutored in math while in high school, he would refer to me as Jesus 
Apu: That's the most boring context 
Apu: I was really hoping for something more entertaining
Me: Give me an example then
Me: You sent a picture.
Apu: A girl screaming on God at you 
Apu: I immediately worry about your alcoholism
Me: Screaming about God at me?
Other than the alcoholism, what do you think?

Apu: Oh god... It's a sexual reference
Show me the entire room 

Me: I thought that's what you meant. I've been called God, not Jesus in that context. 

Me: You sent a picture.
Apu: Somehow I only half believe you 
Apu: I think it looks good there but if you can get a second on the opposite site of the monitor.. that'll balance it 
Apu: Actually nevermind cause there's no table on that side..it's just good 
Me: Well what you believe or don't believe doesn't change the past. But I'll take half believe. 
If anything, something should go above the tv, but it would have to be decent size and wide

Apu: I would like references then 😁
Apu: Think to would be confusing to have art, one thing to look at, versus the television, the main thing to look at 
Me: As in contact information?
Well I don't plan on buying anything for the walls for a long while. The trip was expensive, the art was expensive, and I just bought a tux today. 

Me: But the next thing should probably go above the couch, not TV, since there is nothing. 
Apu: WHY WOULD YOU BUY A TUX
Me: For Lauren's wedding
Apu: Why aren't you renting...
Apu: Also I'm a wonderful plus one 
Me: Because renting is also expensive. Buying a tux is an investment. 
I'm sure you are

Apu: I always thought the tux was a bad investment since we use it so rarely and our body will change to much 
Me: I could use it for a second wedding this summer as well
I'm not convinced my body is going to change much. My suit still fits the same after 5 years, probably more

Apu: You eat enough taco Bell and it'll change wonderfully 
Me: You could say that about anything 
Apu: I agree.. taco Bell in your life will change anything wonderfully 
Me: Hahaha is that so?
Apu: Living this way means a short enjoyable life over a long sufferable salad one 
Me: I don't eat salads. I eat whatever I want
Apu: Yet you don't eat enough taco bell
Me: Is eating taco Bell with you not enough?
Apu: Is it ever? It's wonderful comfort foot after watching Chelsea get slaughtered 6-0 
Me: Doesn't that make it more special when I do have taco Bell?
Apu: That's like saying breathing is special so don't do it to much to keep it special 
Me: I thought you'd appreciate that something we do is special
Apu: I appreciate much of what we do 
Me: What don't you appreciate that we do?
Apu: When we don't eat taco bell
Me: So all restaurants should be only taco bells?
Apu: Welcome to demolition man 
Me: You want to tear them down? Rather than replace them?
Apu: Wait you haven't seen demolition man 
Me: I thought you meant "demolition, man"I have not seen demolition man

Apu: OMFG. I THOUGHT THE WHOLE REASON YOU WERE A CIVIL ENGINEER WAS THAT MOVIE 
Me: What does that movie have to do with civil engineering?Damn! That movie has a big cast!

Apu: They blow shit up 
Me: Most action movies blow shit up
Apu: Ergo die hard is about civil engineering
Apu: As is the avengers and to a lesser extent a few scenes in anchorman
Me: Lol if you say so
Apu: For real.. if you need a garbage time movie, it's demolition man
It's future l.a. and there was a "franchise war" and taco Bell won so every restaurant is taco Bell.. there's other stuff too but that one scene where they sit down and eat taco Bell is amazing 

Me: Who can turn down Stallone and Snipes?
Hahahaha 

Apu: If you're bored tonight definitely watch it 
Me: I've been watching GoT, so I probably won't be watching that movie tonight lol
Apu: https://mashable.com/article/rick-and-morty-clothing-line/
Me: Are you trying to add some of this line to your wardrobe?
Apu: It's more of a recommendation for both of us 
Me: So are you looking at getting a dress?
Apu: Say what you want but dresses are practically meant for dudes
Me: That's why I asked
Apu: So you wanna be dress buddies or what 
Me: Of course!
Apu: Why are you such an enabler 
Me: You hate me for that?
Apu: Never said that 
Me: You didn't seem happy though
Apu: HOW DID I SEEM THEN 
Me: Which then?
Apu: Any then 
Me: They all seem like typical you
Apu: WHATS TYPICAL ME TREVOR
Me: It can't be put into words
Apu: That's kinda romantic 
Me: Take it or leave it. That's all you are getting. 
Me: Lol
Apu: In terms of romantic interest from you ? 
Me: Sure for now
Apu: For now seems like a real fuckin tease
Me: I know lol
Apu: It's not nice 
Me: How can I make it up to you?
Apu: Move back home and be my slave 
Me: Why and why?
Apu: Pretty sure it's self explanatory 
Me: Please explain
Apu: Why move back home? Because I need a slave
Why do I need a slave? because you're home 

Me: If you need a slave when I'm not home, then there are others that can be your slave and thus you don't need me home
Apu: But I want it to be you 
Me: But why do you need a slave?
Apu: Because I'm home 
Me: Now you're changing your reasoning
Apu: You're right, it should be because you're home 
Me: Even you couldn't keep your circle of logic circular
Apu: I'm a square 
Apu: What so you want 
Me: A square with circular logic. No wonder you confuse yourself. 
I want you to be consistent

Apu: You ask to much of me
Me: Is that so?
Apu: I think so 
Apu: Just ask me random things, not logical things 
Me: Give me an example
Apu: Ask me about why the moon landing was faked 
Me: Doesn't answering that require logic?
Apu: No, you'd have to be a fucking dipshit to think we faked the moon landing 
Me: I agree but you still have to use logic to come up with an answer, regardless of good or bad logic
Apu: Is bad logic a thing? Wouldn't it be illogical 
Me: Yes, bad logic is a thing. "logic" is a noun. "illogical" is an adjective. You can use an adjective like "bad" to describe a noun like "logic"
Apu: Okay fair enough so you want my bad logic on why the moon landing is fake 
Me: Of course I want to hear it
Apu: People msotly talk about that dumb picture but let me ask you Why are there no stars? Why are the shadows weird? Where is the lighting coming from? 
Apu: It's cause it's a studio 
Apu: And we haven't gone back cause we never went 
Me: Why do you necessarily have to see stars in a photo? What weird shadows? You mean the sun?
See I can answer questions with questions as well

Apu: Answering questions with questions is 90% of our relationship
Apu: I say something somewhat ludicrous, you challenge it with logic, I try to out logic you, and we end up in a new field of study 
Apu: Truly magnificent
Me: Yeah pretty much hahaBut we end up in a new field of study because you done out logic me. 
Magnificent is one way to put it haha. 
Did you see my snap?

Me: Did you see kee's snap story?
Apu: I didn't see either snap.. what is it 
Me: Check snapchat then lolIt's his current story

Apu: Lol I sent that taco Bell story to Henah earlier 
Apu: And yes he as at sands 
Me: I figured you'd appreciate that story haha
Doesn't kee look more and more like his dad? Does that girl kind of look like his mom?

Apu: Pretty sure we're all gonna end that way and nah his dad's face isn't as baby face 
Apu: Not sure about his mom 
Me: I could be wrong about kee and the girl since I don't remember that last time I saw his parents. But those were my first impressions when I saw the snap story. If he's dating her and my impressions are accurate, that would be a little awkward lol
Apu: Pretty sure we all end up that way don't we ? Someone who resembles our parents 
Me: Yeah i guess at least to a certain extent. If we didn't resemble are parents even the slightest bit, there might be some questions that come up
Apu: No I mean we're attracted to people that resemble our parents 
Me: Yeah for the most part. Does henah's bf resemble your dad?
Your English is horrible as usual lol

Apu: In a laid back attitude sorta way yeah 
Me: So not much in common?
Me: Lol
Apu: And they're both chemists 
Apu: Also do you put dirt on your forehead today 
Me: So two things? That's the minimum to say two people resemble each other?
Have you known me to be religious? Ever?

Apu: They're two really important things 
Apu: And maybe d.c. has converted you 
Me: Important is important but still only 2 things
What is it about DC that would make you think that?

Apu: There are some very religious people walking around d.c. that are in control 
Me: But if they are in control, they wouldn't be trying to convert other people to their religion
Apu: That's how they exert their control, converting people 
Me: I thought you meant "in control" as in they are in control of their actions, they appear normal, and they do not come off as bat-shit crazy
Apu: Nobody in d.c. appears normal 
Me: How so?
Apu: They all have an ulterior motive
Me: Because everyone is in politics and thus are trying to push their own agenda?
Apu: That's what we elect them for 
Me: Not everyone in DC is in politics though
Apu: They're infested by the attitude though 
Me: What attitude?
Apu: OF PUSHING THEIR AGENDA 
Me: So I'm infested?
Apu: Probably.. it happens when you leave New Jersey 
Me: So if you move to NYC, you'd be infested?
Apu: With a different issue 
Apu: https://twitter.com/__royalllty/status/1104757553634910209?s=19
Apu: Here's a good summation
Me: I might not have to deal with that shit but I still get annoyed by people that don't know how to move their ass during rush hour. Rarely does anyone walk faster than me. I have to weave around people. People just take their sweet ass time to get places. Frustrating AF
Apu: I've never been more attracted to you 
Me: I didn't know that was possible. Why is that? Lol

Apu: You sound so mad I love it 
Me: Hahahaha
Apu: I've worked with a less than competent Trevor the last two days and they ruin your already sullied name 
Me: Yeah there should only be one Trevor in your life.Doesn't any other Trevor seem incompetent compared to me?

Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: You received a GIF.
Apu: Me at work now
Me: You sent a GIF.
Me: Me at work
Apu: Don't like the new job eh ? 
Me: It's been hard to enjoy most of the time since I've started. It's getting better though
Apu: Just playing catch-up ?
Me: For the first two months, I didn't have much work to do. So it was mostly just sitting around looking busy. It was very boring. Everyone else had plenty of work. So it was quite odd that I didn't have much work. I now have more work
Me: It appears one coworker actually thinks my name is Travis 😑
Apu: Well if it helps, I'm starting to go through that now as everyone has things to do but I'm not caught up enough to act 
Apu: OH BOY. WHO WAS IT 
Me: Well it was partly playing catch-up, but also part lack of organization on their part. No sort of on-boarding process either. 
Some guy named Tommy. He's around our age it appears. He's impossible to interact with though. 

Apu: Tommy calling Trevor Travis sounds like a real white people problem lol 
Apu: Why is he impossible to interact with 
Me: Well would you want to be called by some other name than Apu or apurva that is not a nickname?
He is awkward and quiet. Don't forget I work with engineers

Apu: I literally tell other people I'm Sam, Sam I am
Are awkward and quiet ? 

Me: Yeah but that is your choice. I don't tell people I'm Travis 
Engineers are stereotyped as awkward

Apu: My entire childhood has been people giving me awful nicknames.. ashit apoop aperv apieceofpoo .. and that's just Henah
But are youuuuu awkward ?

Me: That's what siblings are for. And friends like Luke. 
I'm am engineer. Of course I'm some level of awkward. It's for other people to decide what that level is

Apu: Mike wasn't too far off either 😂😂😂😂
Apu: See I like awkward you cause I know deep down you're thinking something mean 
Me: Yeah Luke and my brother together was probably pretty rough for you growing up lol
Do you think I'm always some level of awkward, or at least enough that it shows?

Apu: I thank them for giving my very odd personality 😂 to 
Well I actually don't know what you're like around other people when I'm not around since around me you seem pretty comfortable and normal 

Me: Your personality is because of them? Haha
I would hope after knowing you for over 20 years that I would be comfortable around you. If I seem normal to someone that isn't the most normal person, am I actually normal in the general sense? Lol

Do you think I'm always thinking mean thought?

Me: *thoughts
Apu: Nobody is this weird without having my very weird childhood
Being normal is for losers.. I see it all the time at work, people talk about the dullest things with no imagination and we work in sports, the least normal environment out there

Idk, depends on how stupid someone is 

Me: What made your childhood very weird?
True. What do they talk about?

All accept that as having some level of accuracy but not as bad as you make it sound

Apu: Mostly my name and association with Luke
They talk like pointless stuff like the bachelorette, they complain about clients or how much work they have .. like why be so negative when you could be anything else with people you're working with for 10 hours a day

I'm the same way that stupid people make me feel awkward

Me: Yeah just blame your struggles on someone else haha
Lol maybe their day would be better is they didn't sulk in their misery. 

We talk about pointless shit all the time, but at least there is some excitement and imagination added in. 

I didn't think anything could make you feel awkward. 

Me: Did you fall for Brady's tweet yesterday?
Apu: I mean I can't take responsibility about my own life, that would be mature 
I agree that if they thought positive it wouldn't be the case but I think they'd rather complain 

SOOOO MANY THINGS MAKE ME FEEL AWKWARD. LIKE NORMAL INTERACTION MAKES ME AWKWARD. 

Apu: I didn't fall for it but helluva first tweet
Me: Yeah who would want to be mature?
Misery does love company. They probably want to drag you down too lol

But you try to make things for others feel awkward just to see them squirm. 

He could not have come up with a greater first tweet lol

Apu: I do make things awkward for that but on the off chance they aren't awkward but they embrace, I now have a meaningful relationship so that trade off is worth it .. these people are just dumb and I can't do anything except say nothing so I don't insult anyone 
Apu: I wish his tweet was not a joke 
Me: You mean you do NOT do it to make them squirm? I feel like there are times that you do it to see people struggle. So have you found anyone that embraces it?
I wish so as well. I share an office with a Pats fan so I wanted it to be true so badly. And gronk retiring would've made it that much better

Apu: I never start with the goal of seeing someone squirm but if someone sucks and I can amuse myself ..well here we are and because of that.. some people do embrace the awkward
Apu: If bellichek left instead of tom, that would be the best.. then it would prove how much of a fraud Tom is and how genius bill is 
Me: Well you have to amuse yourself somehow if the people are going to be boring. 
Yeah but do we see bellichek leaving any time soon? Probably not. 

Apu: Idk I feel like he's gonna ride out Brady and then just move on because he's old and he's already accomplished alot so I wouldn't be surprised in 3 years he's done 
Me: That would be the smart move but some people are stubborn and don't want to change. You think Brady will stick around for 3 more years?
Apu: I think Brady sticks around till he literally can't play anymore.. he's got nothing left to prove or win so he's clearly playing for fun 
Apu: P.s. vox.com is doing an urban planning deep dive in Barcelona, maybe it'll be interesting to you 
Me: I can see that but it's stupid on his part
Sounds interesting

Apu: Stupid to play that he can't ? Idk retirement is hard if you've never done anything else.. people can't walk away from the game 
Me: It's stupid to continue playing at this point. He has nothing left to achieve. He still has his mental and physical health. He has a family. He just won the Superbowl. He has had a long career. You cannot ask for a better time than now to retire. 
I understand retirement is hard. He CAN walk away from the game. Most players just don't WANT to walk away from the game. 

Me: Care to send me a link to the vox thing?
Apu: https://www.vox.com/energy-and-environment/2019/4/8/18273893/barcelona-spain-urban-planning-cars
Apu: I think it's more than want.. cost benefit of what will you do with your time and what you're missing out and watcning people you know are inferior to you succeed because you decided you were done is hard to push away from 
Apu: I think it takes a certain level of ego and psychopathic personality traits to have his success and it comes with being unable to let go 
Me: Thanks!
Yeah that's what I was saying but the cost benefit would point towards bowing out now rather than later. I don't think he cares who's winning unless it's over him. 

Yeah they are mental to some degree to get there in the first place

Apu: If you have an Athletic subscription, they just did an article about baseball players in retirement and how it takes years to get over being retired because they can't get over who's on the field over them 
Me: You think i'd waste my money on that? Lol
I always forget how large their egos actually are

Apu: ITS NOT A WASTE. Cause I spent 50 bucks on the year and easily worth it for all the content they put out and the talent they stole 
Apu: Yeah you're too humble to understand 😏
Me: But I wouldn't spend my time reading it
Then where do I rank in terms of humbleness compared to pro athletes?
DJT = 0
Dhali Llama = 10

Apu: 3, right around Arod 😂😂😂
Me: Damn! It's that bad? I guess I need to re-evaluate more aspects of my life than I previously thought
Apu: Maybe you should start with how accurate your friends evaluation of you is 🙃🙃
Me: You're saying I shouldn't trust everything you say? Don't be ridiculous! 😏
Apu: No not me, I'm not a friend, I'm your Lord and savior 
Me: This text must've been meant for someone else because you know I'm not religious
Apu: Religion has to do with faith... I'm not faith based, I'm just right
Me: Look who is so humble now
Apu: You never gave me a number
Apu: You never gave me a number
Me: You never asked
Even after this little show you put on:
5, probably the equivalent of Jeter. 

When you're not around me, I imagine the number is lower

Apu: Jeter is a 1 
Me: You think he is lower than A-Rod?
Apu: Arod moved to third when he was better at short 
Apu: Definitely some humility
Apu: 6% is more than none 
Me: Arod wasn't the one making the decisions. 
Where is 6% coming from as a number?

6 percent more than none means: 1.06*0 which equals 0

Or do you mean 6 percentage points more than none:
6% + 0% = 6%

Apu: He agreed to move instead if Jeter agreeing to move 
6 percentage points more 

Apu: SO 6 percent total humility 
Me: Who was asked first to move?
You gave ARod 3 initially and Jeter 1. Your math is not adding up

Apu: Pretty sure it was the Yankees telling arod to move cause Jeter won't 
I'm giving Arod a 3 on a scale of humility cause he's rehabbed his image but it's still very low, Jeter is a 1 cause he is a one and doesn't give a fuckkkk

Me: If they approached ARod first, your argument is invalid. 
Ehh not convinced

Apu: I'm pretty sure they approached Arod knowing jeter would say no 
Me: All I'm hearing is that they approached ARod first. The rest is speculation
Apu: You can reasonably come to the conclusion that Arod is a much better shortstop than Jeter and he would be more valuable at short and Jeter at third defensively but not moving is probably on Derek not wanting to oblige his frienemy
Me: Still speculation
Apu: Life is speculative 
Me: Aspects are but otherwise I disagree. Is that your attempt to be deep?

Apu: You don't pretend to be deep, you just are man
Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: All of life is speculative! We make up stuff, give it arbitrary value, and push it on other people
Apu: For example 
Apu: Come back to Jersey 
Apu: It's a made up name, it's value is mostly to me, and I'm pushing it on you 
Apu: It's all just made up conjecture 
Apu: But I asked and you have a social contract to consider it 
Me: That's not speculation. That is language. There is no lack of information there. 

Apu: It's all made up 
Apu: And there's complete lack of information
Me: When you say "come back to Jersey", what information is lacking?
Of course language is made up. It's a tool. 

Me: Just because something is made up, doesn't automatically mean that it's speculation
Apu: ....
Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: I'm still not over something made up isn't necessarily speculation 
Apu: I expect more of you 
Me: Prove me wrong
Apu: If it's made up, it isn't based on anything, which means it's speculation
Me: You clearly don't know the definition of speculation. For something to be speculation, it needs to be a theory or conjecture. Everything made up is not necessarily theory or conjecture. Thus, everything made up is not necessarily speculation. 

Apu: If it's made up, it's conjecture 
Apu: If it's based in something, it's not made up, it has some logical information that was found with reason 
Apu: Thats a theory 
Me: Conjecture: "an opinion or conclusion formed on the basis of incomplete information"Theory: "a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained"

You are wrong. Both theory and conjecture are based on something. Theories are made up. If it was something proven, then it would be a law. Theories are not proven, thus made up and, that's why they are called theories. 

I can tell you that I am a millionaire. It's made up but it's not a theory or conjecture. There is no speculation in that statement. It's made up, but it's not speculation

Apu: Okay but based on the definition, if something is made up, it means it's from nowhere and I think it would be reasonable to say that would qualify as incomplete information, so it would be conjecture instead of a theory, which you can reasonably say that if you have a system of ideas based on general principles, then it's not out of nowhere and made up, there's underlying systems that develop to create said theory. 
If you say you're a millionaire, its conjecture because you formed your basis with incomplete information about your finances, which you made up 

Apu: It's not a theory that you're a millionaire because there's no general principles or theory of ideas that would lead you to say you're a millionaire 
Me: Made up: "invented; not true"
Speculation: "the forming of a theory or conjecture without firm evidence"

So if something is a theory, it doesn't fall under made up and thus would be conjecture? Is that what you are saying?

If that is what you are saying, then any theory that falls under speculation proves that not everything that is made up is speculation. 

I didn't say that my statement about being a millionaire is a theory. I clearly said "not a theory or conjecture". I can say that I'm a millionaire, even though I fully know that I'm not a millionaire. So there is no incomplete information there, thus not conjecture. That statement is still made up though

Apu:  Sort of. I'm saying if something is a theory, it has some sort of basis in reason and logic. Since speculation can be both theory and conjecture, there's more nuance involved to decide which type of speculation goes under theory or conjecture. Saying life is speculative from the notion that it's conjecture and theory makes sense because we just created the rules of how we interpret the world (conjecture) but we we're consistent on how we take those interpretations and apply them in a system (theory). But since we started with everythjng being given arbitrary designation of value, then its still conjecture to start 
Apu: Saying you're a millionaire is conjecture inherently isn't it? An opinion (your understanding of what 1m is ) or conclusion formed on the basis of incomplete information (financial status of having 1m isn't true)
Apu: This whole conversation is basically me questioning why even have the word speculation in the language if it means two things in different stages of facts
Me: Saying I'm a millionaire is not an opinion. It's a false statement. An opinion can be a false statement, but not all false statements are opinions. The saying it's not a conclusion based on incomplete information because I have all of the information. Also, just because you form a conclusion on incomplete information, it doesn't inherently mean that conclusion is untrue. 
Yeah you deviated from the original argument. If you are going to question why speculation exists in the language because it has two different meanings, then why don't you question all words that have multiple meanings or definitions. So are you going to question why we have synonyms as well in the language?

Apu: An opinion or conclusion, so you've come to the wrong conclusion that you're a millionaire because it's a false statement based on incomplete information, otherwise why would you say it? Either you're lying, which makes it neither truth, speculative, or theory, just makes it a lie. 
Synonyms exist to delineate those nuances. But in the case of speculation, the definition has two very different meanings, a theory has a different set of established understandings over conjecture 

Apu: My original point stands from using speculative in both ways though.. life is both ways, setup in conjectures, executed through their 
Apu: Through theory *
Me: Exactly. It's a lie. And it's a statement that is considered made up. Further proving that just because something is made up, doesn't necessarily mean that it is speculation. This was the center of our argument. 
Conjecture and theory are not as different as you are making them sound. Conjecture is based on information, just like a theory is. Both are missing information. If a theory wasn't missing information, thus it was proven to be true, then it would be a law. Both theory and conjecture fall under speculation based on the fact they are both missing information. 

What was your original point again?

Apu: But it is conjecture because its my interpretation of your conclusion. Speculation doesn't come from the statement, it comes from the Interpreter. So if something is made up, like your finances, it's immediately cause for speculation because the conclusion you've come to isn't under a system of information I would expect to be true. So whatever we make up, it's going to be defined as speculative because the person receiving the information is determining if the conclusion has truth to it.
For conjecture and theory, they're both on the same path for finding truth but they're different stages. Yes they both have to do with missing information but conjecture is where it's not based on understood assumptions and facts where theory is based on general principle. It would be straight conjecture to say you're a millionaire but to say you have at least say 1k is a theory because I can take the next step after conjecture and make a reasonable assumption that based on the factsof your socioeconomic starud throughout your life, you would have at least 1k

Apu: My original point is that Arod is less arrogant than Jeter 
Me: A statement is either speculative or not. From my perspective, this statement is not. For you, it might be speculative. It depends how much you know about my finances. 
Conjecture and theory can both be based on understood assumptions and facts. You are trying to make the definition of conjecture more specific, when the definition of conjecture is general. The definition of theory is more specific than conjecture. But where theory and conjecture apply isn't necessarily mutually exclusive. 

I think that a player like ARod that got one of the biggest contracts in history is more arrogant than you lead to believe

Apu: So when you say just because something is made up doesn't mean it's automatically mean it's speculation, it would be, because if a statement is either speculative or not would mean it's either in question or it isn't. If it isn't, it's either a fact or an outright lie but neither can be found until examined, but until it's examined it's all speculative. It's speculatives cat. Fuck Schrodinger.
The definitions vary because their level of scrutiny and impact are very close to mutually exclusive, depending on the context of the word. Saying theory is a step beyond conjecture in it's definition because it specifically includes ideas of system and general principle but conjecture is defined through opinions and calls out lack of information, where as the definition of theory doesn't. 

Apu: I think everyone would take arods contract and nobody would reject it, less to do with his $ and more to do with his actions 
Me: In a sense, yes. However, it depends on the person and how much that person knows about the information referenced in the statement. 
But there is nothing in the definition of conjecture that says that it can't include a system of ideas. Conjecture can also be a conclusion which is not necessarily an opinion. A conclusion can be a set of ideas based on assumed principles and such. A theory inherently has a lack of information, otherwise it would be a law. 

I agree anyone would take the contract, but since it's a rare contract, especially for the time, it would most likely mess with anyone's ego

Apu: There's nothing in the definition of conjecture defining it as a special type of cheese .. can't prove a negative, just take the text as is. And as is, the definition is specific to opinions and conclusions formed with not enough information so just on that, it would be reasonable to say that it doesn't have a system of ideas, otherwise it would then become theory. Agreed that a theory has pieces missing but like I'm saying, it has more reasonable information than conjecture, which is why the word exists, it's the next step before moving these systems of ideas into law 
100% agree the contract probably fucked up his self worth but even a sub 180m deal at the time, something like what Manny Ramirez got around the same time would've had the same impaxt, he doesn't seem secure in who he is which is why he was just such a weird dude for so long 

Me: That's a poor example because a type of cheese doesn't fall under opinion or conclusion. I agree that there has to be some level of distinction between the two words. But I see no reason for them to always be mutually exclusive. I'm just saying that conclusion is general and can include a set of ideas. Theory may be the better word to describe a conclusion with a system of ideas, but there is nothing barring conjecture from being used in that circumstance. 
Well I wasn't saying that only a deal as large as Arod's would mess with someone. I agree that smaller deals would mess with people. 

Apu: Poor example aside, the point stands, you can't disprove a negative, only prove what's provided. I'm not saying conclusion can't be but I think the context in which people use conjecture, including as part of the definition of speculation, it comes with the connotation that the conclusion is false or not in totality so coming to a conclusion would be misguided. Yes, people will do it anyway but you gotta assume people's use of the word in a specific context is correct, which is the ultimate point of language, to get your intention or message across accurately
Apu: And maybe people don't get fucked up with money, it just exacerbates their already determines perspective of the world onto them 
Me: You can't say that conclusion comes with the connotation that it is false. You don't know if it is true or false until you examine it. But information is missing, so you don't know if it's true or false until you have that info. Same exact thing applies to theory. Your statement about correctness and accuracy is more applicable if conjecture and theory are mutually exclusive. But they aren't mutually exclusive. 

Now you are saying money doesn't mess with people?

Apu: I'm saying conjecture has a negative connotation to it
Apu: Depends how you define mess with 😂😂 if someone's always cheap, will their behavior change if they have money, or will they just look for  cheap versions of expensive things 
Apu: So in the case of Arod, he was always a weird dude and money just made it worse and fucked him up more, whether it was Manny money or less or if he wasn't an athlete but something else, whatever the equivalent of alot of money would be, he'd still be himself probably
Me: But if you go based on your idea that conjecture is the step before theory, then it makes no sense for conjecture to have a negative connotation. 
You don't know how money will change a person. I'm pretty sure it is common for people to win the lottery to spend all of the money and have little to show in the end if not go bankrupt. 

You are putting a lot of faith in people not changing when change (a lot of money) is forced upon them. People don't like change. But if there is dramatic change in someone's life, the person is most likely going to change in someway as a result. 

Apu: Yes it does, conjecture can have a negative connotation and when more information is included, the connotation can change appropriately. Why can't it? 
Yeah but think of the people who mostly win the lottery that we hear those bankruptcy stories about, they were people with either poor money habits or spent alot of their lives in poor socioeconomic status so money management wasn't something well understood. So when they come into money, they either continue to manage it poorly or they don't know how to manage it and make it worse. 

I think most people stay fundamentally who they are but it just gets worse with money. Coming into lottery money or say a baseball player with little money now having alot can drive alot of emptiness. We all wish we had more money as if that would fulfill some missing emptiness and once they have it and it's not enough, they revert accordingly. So they didn't really change, they just found out something else that isn't finding them joy 

Me: I agree conjecture can have a negative connotation, such as from a legal perspective. But in math, it doesn't have a negative connotation. I meant that conjecture only having a negative connotation doesn't make sense. You made it sound like conjecture only has a negative connotation. 
What rich person plays the lottery? Most people do not have experience with managing that amount of money. 

How can something get worse but it is considered that no change occurred?

Apu: I think in most general context it's negative but yeah not in all cases. When we talk about a specific conversation or communication or message, I think it has a largely negative connotation. 
You don't have to be rich, you can just be well off and wanting more or just as a once in awhile bet. But money management and habits are very different for people. Think of someone like Arod, who didn't have much growing but he's doing great work in business and managing his $, he's good with money and spends it on other people who are good with money to help assist in managing his money. And I think most people who grow up around money know the value of financial advisors and people with fiduciary responsibility. I think people who don't grow up around it think they just all do it themselves, which is rarely the case. 

In absolute, change is constant, it's how we react and decide. People's behavior can change but if they slip into old habits, it's not a change, it's a revert to form

Apu: Also I bought my first set of golf clubs and I'm starting to learn the game and I don't understand how you white people can do this
Me: You think....
The point I was trying to make is that the less money you have before landing a large windfall of money, the greater the probability that person will mismanage the new money. 

A change is a change regardless of direction and state and history. 

Nice! What did you get? What don't you understand? It's not just white people. Tiger just won the masters again

Apu: I try to think but it stresses me out and I then go down a rabbit hole of what the word speculative means
I agree that the probability is there and a change is a change but the underlying reason and motivation and the timing does impact how we see what change really is, or isn't. 

I got a calloway starter set and took it out for pitch n putt.. not awful but not great .. a long way to go 

White people made the game, and as usual, black people made it better 😂😂😂

Everything I watch and read makes golf feel sooooo unnatural to a level of discomfort. Like trying to just get the basic swing and mechanics down with close legs and keeping your arms locked and everything aligned in a way for maximum impact just feels so counterintuitive and it feels like few people talk about different styles that work best for different people but instead everything is just perfecting the fundamentals, which is important for every sport but for golf, it's super frustrating 

Me: DON'T THINK!!!
Time interval of evaluation is a factor of evaluating changem Human factors such as motivation might affect how we perceive if there is a change or not. But that does not mean that you are perceiving it correctly. A change is a change regardless of those human factors. 

Good that you went with a reputable brand, not some random brand. 

Well tiger is one of the best in history. 

It's super frustrating because it's mostly technical and mental. Technical is not your style. Once you get the motion down, it doesn't feel awkward any more

Apu: Are you real 
Me: Why do you ask? What makes you question it?
Apu: Okay so last night I was out with a buddy and I realized how much he reminded me of you so I spent like 10 minutes talking about you and he was like was this your imaginary friend growing up 
Me: If I'm similar to your friend and he is real, then what about me made me seem imaginary?
Apu: ....FUCK WHY DIDN'T I SAY THAT
Me: That's why you need me in your life. To think of this shit for you
Me: Lol
Apu: You're the one who left me a
Me: Doesn't change the accuracy of my statement
Me: How did you describe me to your friend?
Apu: Him and I go down the rabbit hole about a lot of different things and I said my friend Trevor soes the same
Apu: It's usually sports biz related, especially soccer, but it's really a discussion on semantics 
Me: Yeah I go down rabbit holes maybe too much lol
Majority of our conversations are on semantics lol

Apu: I think we both do and it's fun 
Apu: Imagine not going down the rabbit hole, what would we talk about 
Me: It is fun. I think most things mentally stimulating for me involve going down a rabbit hole. 
Probably something boring, if anything at all

Apu: Let's go down the rabbit hole on the flat Earth theory, they're probably right. 
Me: You know that will lead to other related rabbit holes?We would have to go on a tangent rabbit hole of the moon landing. And then also every other government conspiracy theory rabbit hole.

Apu: Fine here's a conspiracy theory I believe... Mattress firm is a mafia front 
Me: I have nothing against going down the other rabbit hole. I just wasn't sure if you knew what you were getting yourself into. 
What makes you believe that?

Apu: WE CAN DO BOTH. But let's start with the mafia.
There are too many mattress firms in a consolidated area to keep up with the supply needed by normal people. There's like over 9k stores in the u.s. and there's like 12k Starbucks for comparison. And there's no way all of them are selling like 5 mattresses a day, ~350 days a year to keep the lights on and people employed and inventory managed. 

Me: Sounds good. 
How do you know that Starbucks does not have plenty of room to grow? In other words, how do you know that 12k is the right saturation level? Are you sure 9k vs 12k is a fair comparison? Aside from the comparison to Starbucks, your saying the other numbers indicate that mattress firm has too many locations? Are 12k and 9k solely retail locations or all locations (retail, warehouse, corporate, etc)?

Apu: Retail locations and Starbucks probably does have room to grow but I'm using that as a barometer to say that12k Starbucks is for the millions of people who drink daily coffee and is a standard example of a brand on every corner. Now look at mattress firm, how many people are going into a mattress firm everyday that makes them so viable 
Apu: That many locations for such few daily customers, it's gotta be money laundering 
Me: Yes, as a barometer, it's fair to use. I just wanted to point out that direct comparison is not 100% fair without more information  So another barometer: McDonald's has 14k restaurants in US as of 2017. I imagine you would agree that this further supports your claim that mattress firm has too many retail locations. 
So let's assume that mattress firm has too many retail locations compared to the number of retail locations that would yield max profit. What would their reasons be to have too many retail locations, which would help enable money laundering?

Apu: To spread the money around! More locations means more fake place to spread assets and hide things. Plus they bought another competitor when they were close to going into debt and that's what pushed them over. Why do that if you know your actual business needs more space to launder 
Apu: That's why there's such a cluster of stores around .. they bought big competitors 
Me: I would agree that more space helps to spread the money around. So matress firm was heading into debt, then purchased a competitor? So absorbing the competitor made them lose money faster and that's why they are more in debt? Or more in debt just from the purchase itself?
So are we assuming that the more stores that mattress firm has, the faster it loses money? If that is true, then are we assuming that the illegal operation that needs to launder money through mattress firm is growing faster than mattress firm's rate of loss? Or is it keeping mattress firm afloat as long as possible to at least launder some money, rather than none (matress firm goes under)?

Apu: I think they were near debt and the competitor purchasing spree pushed them over, but why do that unless you know your secretly safe financially...
The more stores they open or buy means they're laundering more money cause it seems they would be at diminishing returns with so many stores.

And yes I think they're taking a loss on the mattress firm stores in actual money but cooking their books to show profit to keep them up and running 

Me: If they had been laundering money the whole time and cooking the books, how would the public know they were near debt? Why would they make it seem anything other than good financially if they were always laundering money?
Maybe they bought competitors to change how they were trending in the market even if it put them in debt temporarily? Going into debt just to trend up is better than consistently trending down. 

Why use a mattress company to launder money? It's not a cash business. This seems like an odd choice for trying to cook the books. Or is just consistently changing inventory enough?

Apu: Maybe not the whole time but certainly when they started expanding to the point of suffocation.. they're in alot of congested areas.
Yes it's possible they bought as a bet for themselves but it seems like a very risky strategy and while their numbers say positive now, it was a major hit at the time and in a market that's going more and more online, it would seem odd that in rive years, their strategy would be to get a stronger hold on brick and mortar locations instead of saying, buying up Casper or Leesa before they became as big as they are now, assuming that the strategy would be to acquire to grow.

Idk why they picked it, that's a good point but it's probably related to having to make minimal large transactions that show growth over larger small transactions, like antique stores or nightclubs or ... Car washes 😏

Me: Yes it's a risky strategy if that's what they were actually going for. When they bought competitors, do we know how many of those competitor's locations that mattress firm converted to mattress firm locations vs closing them down? If they converted 100%, then that's just purely idiotic since I would imagine that a lot of competitor locations were already close to current mattress firm locations. If they converted only reasonable locations, then I would say they were giving that strategy the best shot. Otherwise, there would be some questions about their operation and decision making. 
The feasibility of laundering money with this type of business is a big question. I imagine it's feasible to some extent. But how difficult is it to do it well enough that it's not obvious to a professional that they are cooking the books?

So take breaking bad as an example. Even though a car wash is relatively small transactions, in this day and age, i would guess it's mostly credit transactions. But still some cash. I don't think the cash is enough to make laundering the large sums easy. However, I guess just the fact that it can be cash transactions, makes it easy to fudge the numbers with fake cash transactions. Thus launder money that way. However, cash transactions is not exactly believable for mattress firm. So this is a long way of saying, I'm still not sure of mattress firm's approach to launder money. 

Apu: OMG I can't believe I forgot avout this 
Apu: Hold on while I formulate a response 
Me: Well you are pretty bad at responding to texts lol
Apu: This is only eight days late 
Apu: Okay looking back now 
I know it wasn't 100% conversion but that's part of why there's so many clusters in one area, they bought out a nearby competitor 

I think it would be easier compared to other ventures because again, it's not something necessarily trackable.. a person could buy it and make out a check for it and be fine for awhile if it's mixed with legitimate transactions by card. And by having so many locations, you can collect legitimate benefits on taxes for land, employment, and writing off depreciating assets 

Apu: Is it the best business, no, but they're in the mattress business and if you can start laundering some money in the digital age as a brick and mortar location, then it's a unique advantage
Apu: And it would explain now their business does thrive 
Me: ONLY 8 days lol
What areas are you looking at? I looked at a map. Yeah they have a lot of locations, but not necessarily one on every corner. 

What do you mean not trackable? Every transaction other than cash can be tracked easily. 

You probably get more tax write-off by hiring more people, but it's diminishing returns.

I'm still not seeing how they are efficiently laundering money to the point that it pays off if their actual business is losing money. Maybe they create fake cash transactions and destroy the mattress purchased through the fake cash transactions. Fake mattress insurance policies that are also purchased with cash. 

Apu: I mean it's more difficult to track cash or bouncing checks from account to account or pulling money from several accounts (under different names) so while yes things can be tracked, there is a way to make it more complex.
Idk exactly how they're making money but if they exist in the chunks that they do, some fancy bookkeeping is keeping them alive 

Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: Look at this cluster
Apu: Also I wait 8 days cause apparently it means you'll come home 
Me: Bouncing checks or pulling from several accounts might work. But they are still tracked, which means there is a trail. It's not perfect. Those methods try to conceal the trail. 
Store locator works better 
https://www.mattressfirm.com/stores/

Yes that is quite a cluster. It is near a major city and a cluster of universities though.

Me: You sent a picture.
Me: Universities are a great source of income for mattress companies
There wasn't a cause and effect relationship there with that 8 day wait. Does it really matter if I don't see you?

Apu: Rarely are these scheme's perfect though and if nobody is looking to deeply.. it'll pass without much scrutiny. 
ALSO YOU CANT USE THEIR SITE. THEY'RE PART OF THE COVER UP MAN.

Why would universities be a great source? Especially closer to state schools? Half the population is supplied a mattress and the other half could be transporting from their homes

IT MATTERS TO ME THAT WE DONT REKINDLE OUR LOVE 

Me: Well if they were perfect, then we'd never know about it. 
Why wouldn't their site be accurate for store locations? What would they have to gain? Store locations are easily disproved.  

It's not ideal. But a university would have a higher turn over rate of mattresses than the general population most likely. The university would supply cheap mattresses that probably get beat up by students. Since the mattresses are cheap, they'll deteriorate sooner. Universities need to buy mattresses as well. Yeah students may supply their own mattresses, but their is still a portion that will buy a mattress at college. Mattress companies can rely on some number of mattress purchases from universities and students. 

Apu: Or it's to perfect and we spotted it ...
If you show less stores in the area, it raises less flags. And if I wanted to go to a mattress firm and they just get me in the area and I see more, I'm not gonna go back to the app to check, I'll just walk over, so they could list less and it wouldn't hurt their business. 

Universities wouldn't buy from mattress firm though, they're one off sales. They'd probably buy bulk quantities from a manufacturer instead. I think they'd get some August traffic that might help but it would be low the rest of the time. If anything, high turnover for mattresses would be closer to communities with more older people than younger ones, where they have $ to spend, they value a good night's sleep, and they're more likely to make recommendations

Me: It's obviously not too perfect if it actually is a scheme. 
But it raises flags to not show the stores accurately. But yeah most people will just use Google maps and not even think of going to their website. 

It would make more sense to buy directly from the manufacturer. But that is assuming that the university is making the best decisions. They might see the massive local presence of mattress firm and go to them. There is no reason why mattress firm can't handle bulk quantities. Mattress firm would essentially be the middle man. If mattress firm might cut their price just to move product, if they were laundering money. 

Older may have a higher turn over rate than young in general. But I still think students (being a subset of the young subset) have a higher turn over rate than old. Freshmen generally stay in dorms. Then move off campus into an apartment after that. They will need a mattress for the apartment. You can get a mattress pretty cheap. Given that and the convenience of having it delivered, I think a lot of people would buy rather than transport a mattress from home. Also people would want their mattress to stay at home for when they visit home. 

Apu: It doesn't raise a flag cause few people are auditing it for a business. If you're already a corrupt organization, you can fudge the amount of locations you have. 
I think its reasonable to assume universities are buying in bulk and are likely going through a RFP process to do it, and I don't think mattress firm is in the wholesale space as much. Yes they have their own brand buts it's directed to consumers. Why would a manufacturer of a university want to use them as a middle man, what additional value do they bring ? 

I think they're is a subset of students it does apply too but not enough to open up so many mattress firms in one spot, especially since it's so seasonal. It would be better to have one or two shops and staff accordingly during the time than open up full locations year round. In an older community, it's not seasonal and new people are joining consistently. 

Day drinking has me worries about you 

Apu: I think there is a subset*
Me: Why fudge something that is easily disproved? 
I'm not saying it would be smart for a university to go through mattress firm. But it's possible that a university might. Also it's not unheard of people making a business by being the middle man. 

I think it's more students than you think. But yes it is seasonal, so that alone would not be enough to have so many locations. But having a lot of locations might be their approach to kill local brick and mortar competition. 

Why are you worried?

Apu: People won't look close enough! They'll just assume it's true 
It's possible a university would but it wouldn't make much sense too and people usually use middle men to remove either a connection to a purchase or to limit the hassle of it..two things that in the case of a university, it wouldn't be the case. Possible, sure, but no real benefit in doing so.

And yes buying the competitions brick and mortar spots to own the market make sense but brick and mortar is dying anyway so that strategy is probably way to late to account for their massive growth. Hence why we see more companies like Casper or Leesa take over because they are direct to consumer and know that online shopping is easier and most people won't return their mattresses anyway 

Me: I know but if you want your scheme to be perfect, no reason to fake locations. 
Exactly! Since it's possible, you can't rule it out. Also, I don't assume people will always make the best decision or find the best deal. People are stupid. 

You were arguing that more brick and mortar helps them launder money. So if that's the strategy to launder money, then might as well try to get that monopoly on brick and mortar. That might help with profits, or could just be diminishing returns. People like to test out the mattress before buying, which is and advantage of brick and mortar. Mattresses are one thing people might never want to buy online even if returning is made really easy. Returning something is always a hassle in some way. People want to avoid any sort of hassle. Companies like Casper might dominate the market once millennials are old because they are probably more likely to buy things online. But brick and mortar will probably still do fairly well for some time to come. 

Apu: Faking locations has benefits that outweigh the risk. If people aren't looking closely, it'll give you the appearance of size and scale. Just don't over do it and people won't notice.
People are stupid but generically speaking, people in charge aren't, they just have different motivations. So idk what the motivation would be to use a middleman and what it would provide. 

Brick and mortar is dying so if it was a legitimate business, they'd be in trouble, so it's more proof that they aren't. And there is also a decent hassle in just going to the store, talking with sales people, and trying to find a good deal. What is there to really try in a mattress anyway? They're all made by basically the same companies and the descriptions are accurate enough to decide what kind you'd want for your sleeping habits so what's the benefit besides extra assurance 

Me: You can only do a small percentage without people noticing easily. At that point, it only gives that small extra percentage of increase in appearance of size. Yeah it's a matter of personal acceptable risk. But I don't see much gain for the risk. Your fraud is publicly accessable information. 
You have more faith in people than me then. 

Just because a legitimate business is failing, it does not prove that they aren't legitimate. Businesses fail all the time. 

You can find the deals online. Mattress firm has a website. Going to the store gives you extra confidence in your purchase because you can test it out. I think going through a return process is much more of a hassle than going to a store that is close by. I think subtle differences in the feel of a mattress make a big difference in sleep quality. A description of medium firm is vague

Me: You sent a picture.
Me: Lol
Apu: I disagree, I think few people will take a deep look and the people in regulation that do can easily be stonewalled. The fraud is publically accessible if you assume they'd put it in the public info. Which they won't cause THEYRE MAFIA FOKE. 
You should gain more faith in the right people. 

Businesses do fail all the time but mattress firm consistently looks growing.

I guess cause I've only ever bought a mattress online, I think it's fine. But also I'm young so I don't worry about it cause it doesn't really change my sleeping habit 

Apu: Dedicated lover he 
Apu: 🤩🤩🤩
Me: Give me an example where it gives the appearance of size and scale but isn't obvious that locations are fake. Where would you be listing these fake locations if they are not available to the public?
I think I've put too much faith in people in the past. Very little, if not nothing, of my experience has supported putting that much faith in people. "Right people" is the key phrase. 

What are you basing this consistent growth on? 

You buying only online is just your experience. Which ties into my point that millennials are more prone to buying everything online. Which ties into your point that brick and mortar will eventually die, which I agreed with. But all of that being said does not portray the full picture of the current market.

I'm glad you like lol. So does the shirt accurately describe me word for word?

Apu: Starbucks and McDonald's .. everyone thinks they're everywhere (fake location) and on every corner, they appear bigger than they really are.. neither are top in domestic or worldwide fast food locations but we all think they are. They're more legitimate than mattress firm of course but it still helps people think they're the biggest when they're really 2nd and 3rd. 
On maps and apps, where user reported information is added and it's the primary way for people to find things is using our smartphone and using Google or Waze. 

Well you put faith in me and we have a very romantic and intimate one way relationship, that's worked out hasn't it 😘 and generally speaking I'm sure most people meet your expectations, low as they may be.

Mattress firm shows constant growth in revenue in 2019 after declaring bankruptcy and restructuring, a perfect cover to change how they operate. 

It doesn't portray the full picture of the current market but definitely a good look at how the future operates and strategic businesses are rarely year to year but see focusing on long term visions. 

All accurate except the sweetest till provoked 

Apu: Also Rick and Morty announced 
Apu: https://variety.com/2019/tv/news/rick-and-morty-season-4-premiere-date-1203215745/
Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: Those aren't actual fake locations. Saying they are on every corner is a hyperbole. No one thinks they are actually on every single corner. Figure of speech does not equal fake locations. By fake location, I mean that they document somewhere that there is a store at some address even though that store does not actually exist at that address. 
If people are able to report that there is a store at some location, people can also report that the store does not exist at that location. The idea of apps that work like that is that majority of people will report the truth. 

Yeah exactly! I'm glad you agree most people meet my low expectations. 

Care to share this data? A company makes changes, then things start to improve. That's nothing crazy. 

The future is not the present. So I'm glad we agree. 

What would you change the sweetest until provoked part to?

Me: You sent a GIF.
Me: https://www.newsweek.com/dan-harmon-grants-kanye-west-rick-and-morty-episode-all-himself-1426841
Me: Lol
Apu: Well unless I actually go and inspect each location, I won't know it's fake but there's the benefit of appearance of size and scale. Faking locations for the public is about driving more interest so it can be out on Yelp or Google maps but not on anything officially. And how many people actually report something missing? Negative reviews sure but not finding a place, they'll probably just forget about it if they find an equivalent. So if the don't find one mattress firm but another a few blocks away, they'll let it go. 
Maybe you outta revaluate your criteria for putting faith in people so your expectations are better 😂

The rate in which they improve is very impressive though. In a quarterly meeting the parent company said In January, sales momentum “was higher with over 16% like-for-like sales growth against January 2018, while sales per store during the January financial period increased by 34%," and thats in 48 days after bankruptcy. They're down to like 2600 stores but somehow they're doing better, c'monnnnn. That's a hell of an adjustment.

I'd change sweetest to secretly hating you until you make a Rick and Morty reference.

Damn Dan Harmon why give in to Kanye 

Me: People are more likely to post a review if it's negative because they feel strongly. So not one single person is inspecting every single location. If it's fake, it won't take long for a bunch of people to comment that it's not there. Also, if they go to the next mattress firm nearby, they would probably make a comment to the sales rep that the location doesn't exist. Unless even people as low as sales rep are in on the scheme, that information about fake locations will probably spread within the company. Also, the example you gave is not an example of fake locations. That's a figure of speech. If anyone takes a figure of speech literally, they are an idiot. Companies like Starbucks and McDonald have size and scale, so that saying is not helping in the sense that you say. It might help in and advertising sort of way. 
I'm fine with my expectation levels. 

So they got rid of some locations?
Yeah that's a big turn around but they also bought up some competition, so you'd expect their sales to go up.

I'll accept that to some degree. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/rickandmorty/comments/bqcb55/sweet_home_alabama/

Apu: I think in their specific industry, people aren't going out of their way to report if things are missing if there's a substitute nearby. If you're looking for like a comic book store, I can understand it but with so many mattress firms or just mattress companies, you could just go to the next. And the reps would just tell their boss, who would tell their mgmt who ARE THE MAFIA.
We just went over your low faith in people so yeah I'm sure people believe there's more Starbucks and McDonald's than there actually are. I bet if you asked people in your office to ballpark how many are in a particular city, they'd be significantly off. Or better yet, ask how many are in Manhattan and I bet people would answer around 600 when it's probably half that. The point is people's perception drive the reality so there is a benefit to say there's more location than in reality.

I don't think the turnaround is about streamlining efficiencies or even buying competitors but probably craftier bookkeeping

That link won't open for me 

Me: I'll respond to the rest after work, but here's a new linkhttps://i.redd.it/p2nqt6rs43z21.jpg

More importantly, guess who's going to be home this weekend

Apu: You received a GIF.
Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: What time you gonna be backk
Me: Anything that causes people an inconvenience will make them frustrated / annoyed. Making them more likely to report or leave a comment or review. Yeah I agree that reps reporting something to their boss that is in on the scheme will lead to nowhere. 
Well yeah people are idiots. But taking a hyperbole as literal is pretty extreme. Yeah people bad at estimating stuff like number of stores. Even if people don't take the saying literally, yeah it will probably slant their view causing them to overestimate. But regardless, it is meaningless in regards to your initial point about giving the appearance of size and scale because these companies already have size and scale. 

I don't have to prove that the turnaround is due to streamlining efficiencies or buying competitors. It's reasonable doubt against your theory. There is reason to support anyone of these given what we actually know. 

Did the new link work?

I'll be home sometime tomorrow afternoon. 

Apu: Call me when you free up tomorrow babeee
Me: I'll let you know but I don't know how long I'll be free today. Lunch tomorrow?
Apu: Yeah we can do tomorrow 
Apu: Just lmk and I'll set aside time 
Me: I'm free now for like an hour or so
Me: We can do lunch whenever tomorrow 
Apu: Let's do lunch around 1 tomorrow, I just got back from the driving range and Ucl viewing, need to shower
Apu: Also I want you unencumbered for lovin
Me: Sounds good. Ucl viewing?

Lol

Apu: Champions league 
Apu: Tot v pool, pool won 
Me: Ahh forgot that was on today
Me: Can we move up lunch a little?
Apu: 1230?
Me: Sounds good. Need to be home sooner than expected

Apu: How romantic you wanna be 😍
Me: What do you have in mind?
Apu: Not a damn thing, so how romantic you wanna be lol 
Me: Our normal level of romantic
Apu: Okay where that dress I like and I'll pick a place, no granny panties 
Me: Lol
Apu: How's chimney Rock in sound 
Me: I was thinking something relatively quick like Moe's. Trying to be back by 1:30
Apu: That workz
Me: You driving?
Apu: Outside
Apu: Here's the answer 
Apu: You received a picture.
Me: Got the same response lol
Me: You sent a picture.
Me: I remembered that other dating app thing that involved you. The first one was the conspiracy theories. The other one a girl referenced weeping angels in one of her responses to a prompt. I of course commented on it lol
On another note, there was a dream that I had a few weeks ago that I wanted to tell you

Apu: What's the dream 
Me: Well I think we can both agree that it would be considered a nightmare. 
So I was looking at buying a new car. For some reason I was looking at buying a Prius for $4k. I ended up getting the Prius but for some reason ended up paying $20k. This was quite the horrifying dream 

Apu: Alright a few concurrent conversations, starting back with Mattress Firm:I think we deal with a lot of frustrations and annoyances that if are never resolved or leas to greater frustration, then people comment. If you still end up at another mattress firm, you'll forget one was closed cause it's not a regular place to go. 

It's not a pointless hyperbole because people think that size and scale are real but to your point, people can't estimate well so if they mess up on McDonald's and Starbucks, they could assume the same for Exxon or Chipotle or Petco or any other business that seems like there are a lot of locations but there aren't. Again, the hyperbole drives the reality. 

I don't see the reasonable doubt against crafty bookkeeping because I think it's unreasonable that they scale down their business in ways that actually drive net gains in a small period of time. 

As for the dating app, send her my way about those weeping angels and the conspiracy girl, let's see if they can match this nonsense. But what did you say as the response to weeping g angels? "Hey babe, if you cover your face I promise I'll disappear"

That is a brutal dream that you'd overpay for a shitboz

Me: I never comment or post reviews. So what I said doesn't apply to me regardless. But I think you are over generalizing that no one would comment.
I'm saying your example of McDonalds and Starbucks are bad examples. They don't need the facade of size and scale when they have size and scale. 

If you have too many locations, then you start closing locations. Your overhead goes down, so your profits go up.

I can't send them your way because they never responded to me. I have no way of contacting them. The prompt was "what's your most irrational fear?" She said weeping angels. I said, "It's not irrational. If you knew they existed, then it would most likely be too late for you anyway". Yeah it's the nerdy response, but I don't comment with cheesy pick up lines. 

The most brutal part would be owning/driving a Prius. Over paying is the next most brutal aspect

Me: Did you ever see Kee on Sunday?
Apu: Nope 
Me: Lol
Apu: Alright back to this:I'm sure a few people might say something but not enough to take action. I don't really comment either and I've been annoyed by alot of places, it's just something I think only a few people do and not enough to draw attention. 

Yes eventually you could turn a profit after eliminating overhead but you have vendors and contracts and a whole bunch of committments that for them to turn around in a year is pretty nuts. They could've been winding down for awhile and now it's just one announcement but to increase 34% in less than sixty days is pretty wild

Maybe it's time for cheesy or self deprecating pickup lines.. "I get it, people look at me and disappear almost immediately, it's the weirdest thing..."

Me:  I don't think it takes many comments for people to take notice of something crazy like that. If action gets taken as a result, who knows. But not saying it's not possible. Since you don't comment regardless, you are biased towards thinking that other people won't comment either regardless. 
What vendors, contracts and commitments are tied to each individual store location?

Self deprecating pick up lines would be in my wheel house, but that is for after matching, and starting the conversation. 

Apu: It's possible but if I'm running a scam as long as mattress firm has existed, I think its going unnoticed. 
And no, I know people will comment, I'm saying it's not enough for a company to change their actions.

I'm guessing the committments are smaller things since HQ would probably handle things like land purchasing since it's one big scam. So paying smaller vendors contracts across alot of stores will add up. Like paying for independent or smaller mattress brands for products, shipping agreements, different HR agreements for benefits in different states. 

Apu: I say go all on self.depreacating 
Apu: I'm single and alone and that works great for me 
Me: The scam existing from the start doesn't make sense. Why would there be a sudden turn around if it was always a scam? Wouldn't the company always appear to do well if it was always a scam?
I'm not saying the company with change it's actions as a result of comments. But people will change their actions. 

The only contract that my linger is rent if they tried to opt-out before the end of the lease. All of the other contracts can be picked up by other local mattress firm locations. Since they are over-saturated with locations, these small vendor contracts will be no issue related to profit. If it's a scam, I'm sure HQ would want to handle as much related to money as possible to keep it in their control and under the supervision as few people as possible. 

Well no reason not to try it

Can't be working that great if you are still single and alone

Apu: You are so naive on scamming Trevor.. if you're always good or bad, it's suspicious. You need to act like a real business with ebbs and flows and good quarter sand bad quarters. This sudden turnaround is perfect business storytelling and an easily believable story if you don't look into the details like I have. 
People can change their actions but as long as it's not enough to do anything, who cares? Thousands of people can complain that Tom Cruise is a shit actor but when there's enoguj people seeing mission impossible 43, it doesn't really matter. Same with mattress firm, if there's enough real sales, people won't look to much otherwise
 
You're making my contract point for me. Eliminating all those overhead costs and whatever small agreements exist are taken care of by HQ and therefore, their immense turnaround is possible, cause all the contract payments are off the books..

Apu: I want to be single and alone 
Me: I agree that you would want your business to appear to have natural ebbs and flows. But why do something that would make your business stand out like that? You wouldn't want a great business story. You would just want your business to look like a normal average business. Not stand out in any way. 
Yeah the company won't care and they'll still continue business as usual. But those comments change how people perceive the company. It chips away at that appearance of size and scale. Which they already have size and scale, so they don't need the appearance of it. So that whole thing about size and scale was pointless, which is was brought us to the comments part of this conversation. 

That was not your point at all lol. I fixed what you were trying to say. You initially said that the reduction in number of stores could not account for the turn around. You were saying that there would be too many other commitments that would make that turn around not feasible. You were saying the local stuff was handling those contracts. I fixed it by saying HQ would handle it. HQ would handle it regardless of scam or not though. Saves on overhead that way. People at the stores are only there for in-store sales, and managing a small portion of inventory. This line of the conversation makes both sides of the argument more feasible though. My side more feasible because the turn around is feasible by eliminating overhead (salaries of unnecessary employees and unnecessary rent and other store maintenance overhead). That reduced overhead turns directly into profit essentially. The overhead that you were speaking of is not largely impacted by number of stores because it's handled by HQ. Your side is more feasible because HQ has more control of the money, so scam is easier to keep going and stay under control. Less people need to be involved this way. Also, they can't keep more stuff off the books or they can cook the books better. 

Saving yourself for someone?

Apu: When you're that size, people will look at you regardless, so shaping and controlling the narrative is the best thing you can do. 
I'm saying it won't actually change the appearance of size and scale though because I don't think people notice or care about the comments enough for a one off shopping experience. Yes there are comments and actions and in a vaccum there should be a tipping point for people to notice but as long as people get what they want, I don't think it's enough to impact people's perceptions. 

My point was that there must be some way to account for getting out of those contracts and agreements and it's skethxy to say they have this enormous turnaround with those agreements looming over their head. So yes it's my point that some other actor or force is helping these retail spots and you saying HQ covers those commitments is a good example and likely.

Apu: Saving myself for.you 
Apu: Holy shit I almost forgot 
Apu: Happy something or the other 
Me: But you didn't forget 
Thanks for the something or the other lol

Me: I hope you didn't forget Father's day lol
Apu: Nope that why I was distracted
Me: I can't believe you would put Father's day before my b-day
Apu: You should let me call you Daddy more 
Me: You've never called me that lol
Apu: Your body language screams don't call me daddy 
Me: What about my body language says that?
Apu: Literally everything 😂
Me: What else does my body language say?
Apu: I like it in the ass but it's up to you to decide who's
Me: It looks like you mixed up your texting app and Grindr 😂
Apu: Same thing to me 
Me: Fair enough
Apu: How did you celebrate your birthday
Me: Pregamed at my apartment then went to a couple bars downtown with some friends
Apu: The usual eh 
Me: I guess. I haven't gotten this drunk in years though
I invited Soheyl and Navid

Apu: This drunk, as in you are right now 
Me: *that drunkI wish I was drunk right now. It would make work somewhat enjoyable

They didn't show up

Apu: You gotta find something about your job that's enjoyable, feel like you're always down on it 
Apu: And not surprising
Me: There are aspects that I enjoy but it's not enough for me to say that I enjoy my job.
Right!

Apu: What's stopping you from enjoying it 
Me: It's boring and it doesn't require much thought, if any at all
Apu: The people with you don't make it fun 
Me: It's all individual work. And no one can make reviewing drawings or punching numbers into spreadsheets or reviewing spreadsheets fun

Apu: So you basically work in a silo looking at #s all day 
Me: Not a silo, a shitty old office building
Apu: I mean you're isolated 
Me: Sort of. Well at least more so than my previous job
Me: https://news.yahoo.com/durant-headed-nets-irving-jordan-021420734.html
Me: How are you feeling about the Nets now?
Apu: I'm amped as fuck when I saw, and I was literally in Brooklyn yesterday apartment hunting and almost punched my buddy when he saw on Twitter 
Me: Hahaha somehow I still think that's an understatement lol
I thought you were planning on moving-in in July. How's that going?

Apu: Individually I think Kyrie is a dumbass and k.d. is weak sauce so while I root for their collective success, but I'll never get a jersey or really endorse them cause I just don't like their personalities but I couldn't ask for a better offseason except maybe switching Kyrie for Kawhi but that wasn't going to happen 
It's going.. we did an app for a place and we got accepted this a.m. but I have my doubts if I want to live in Hoboken

Me: Yeah I agree with all of that. But hey, look at what is possible when you have Jay-Z on your side. 
There were no places in Brooklyn? Hoboken does not sound ideal

Apu: Lol jayz divested awhile ago when he opened up roc nation sport, can't own and represent players.. this is all Sean Marks (gm) and Kenny Atkinson (head coach) building a culture worth joining and getting affordable role players, tee'd up for 2 superstars to step into 
Affordable places in Brooklyn are pretty much the same commute time in not so great areas and I'm with two other guys who work in Fidi and midtown/secaucus so need something for everyone

Me: You can tell how much I pay attention lol
There where would you want to live if not Hoboken?

Apu: Grove Street
I'd take a smaller place in uptown Manhattan area but under the 100s, so it's easy access to Port authority for secuacus area

Newport NJ is good too but probably a little to pricey

Think the challenge is just convincing the others that the commute time isn't worth the space trade off 

Apu: How's you decide on your Dc Place 
Me: I have a feeling you will end up in Hoboken. 
Good luck trying to convince them

A friend of a friend from VT needed a roommate and he had a place. I needed a roommate and a place. So I took it. I was lucky that it was relatively affordable and made for good commute and good location. Now my roommate is going to move in with gf so I need to find a roommate and a place again 😑

Apu: GUESS WHOS NOT LIVING IN HOBOKEN. THIS GUY. We're still looking lol
How's your search going 

Me: Congrats?? What changed?
I haven't started yet. I guess I'll rely on FB groups to find a roommate

Apu: I said no way am I doing an hour commute lol 
You could try roomi, I've used it to try to find roommates before people from grad school got jobs 

Me: Look at you being assertive
I'm guessing that's an app. Better luck than FB?

Apu: I felt immense fear before hand lol buy ultimately I might as well stay home till I find a better place than rush to some place in Hoboken just cause and still hate my travel
App and website, it's more specific than Facebook and better UX 

Apu: https://roomiapp.com/
Me: Why fear? Are you not close with your future roommates? But yeah that makes sense
I'll give it a try. Thanks

Apu: No I like them but it's about something equal for everyone and I didn't want to be the naysayer 
Apu: popular to contrary belief, I don't like confrontation
Apu: WOOPS
Apu: Contrary to popular belief 
Me: Well yeah the apartment should feel like a decent choose to everyone. 
I think people think you like confrontation because of your tendency to try to make people feel awkward

By the way, the roomi app is not exactly helpful for Arlington

Apu: I swear I saw d.c. on there
Me: DC is on there, but it's in beta. Also, they only list DC neighborhoods. Nothing in Arlington. 
Apu: If you do it on the desktop site, you can move the map easier
Me: I'll check it out
Apu: Or leave your job and come live with me 
Me: So we can both be poor together?
Apu: We could be well off people if we split a bed ♥️
Me: Lol I already have a bed, so it's not a matter of purchasing one. Are you saying so that we could get a smaller apartment, which would be more affordable?
Apu: Yes.. we could get a one bedroom luxury apartment 
Me: Luxury apartment doesn't sound cheap lol
Apu: Well how much of your income goes to rent and utilities 
Me: I pay just over $1400 / month for all of that and parking. So it's a significant portion of my income
Apu: Well I assume you make alot more than I do so 1400 seems low 
Apu: I'm looking at a place for 1509 right now and that only includes heat and electricity for ac
Me: I probably make significantly more than you. But I don't know about a lot. 
Well I'm going to try to find a place cheaper than my current one. The rent is gonna get jacked up

How do you manage to save any money, outside of 401k / IRA? I feel like it's hard for me to save much, if any at all, since starting new job

Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: With that I still have 300 leftover 
Me: $300 feels like riding a fine line
I guess I've had some major expenses over the past 6 months. That's why it seems like I haven't been able to save

Apu: So what do you save ? 
Feel like most of my emergency expenses have been car related which I'm giving up 

Me: I've never calculated. But at my last job I was putting on average $1500 / month into savings account. But, at that job, I was taking home about $200 more / paycheck than now. 
I put away like $1500 into savings since starting my new job, but that was also with a lot of major expenses. Two weddings and paying for Barca trip 

What happened to your car? Selling your car?

Apu: 1500. God I need money. 
Me: Don't we all
Apu: I literally don't know how you need more lol that's almost 20k saved a year..people would kill for that lol 
Apu: And not selling, it's paid off, just turning off insurance
Apu: No reason to get rid of it right now 
Me: Well yeah, but that's me living cheaply. Not much money was going towards fun. 
You're talking about the Lexus?

Apu: Yes for Lexus but even people.living cheaply are rarely saving that much 
Apu: I've asked a few people around my salary (60k) and they're doing around the 300 mark as well 
Me: I thought the Lexus was in good condition. 
Yeah I don't make as much as you think I do. So if you compare the difference in our salaries vs the difference in savings/month, the math checks out roughly. I was making more money at my previous job. Well my salary was less but I was putting in a good amount of overtime and being paid for it

Apu: It is but why pay insurance on something that'll never drive. When will my parents both be at separate things that their two everyday cars won't be free
Hence the income percentage question.. I theory I could be saving 700 between the 400 that auto deposits into 401k and ira split and then monthly remainder but I do want that $ accessible for emergencies and if I need a new laptop(very possible very soon) or another 500$+ expense  

Me: You're saying why insure it if you won't be home to drive it?
I'm talking about savings separate from 401k / IRA contributions. I put 15% of my income into 401k. The $1500 / month is separate from that. It's my dispensable income. The $300/month is your dispensable income. You can save it or do whatever you want with it. 

Apu: HOW MUCH FUCKING MONEY DO YOU MAKE 
Me: 😂😂😂How much do you think I make?

Apu: 100k
Me: Way less
Apu: 80k
Me: Less
Apu: ... nope I don't believe you 
Apu: Or you're literally not spending a penny on food or having a life 
Me: Believe what you want. But I don't lie to you. 
I spend a lot on food. I eat a lot. But I don't eat out much which is because I don't have a life

Apu: How is it you have 1500 just put away though ??? 
Me: I was going to tell you to do the math because it adds up. But that's something I would never ask of you. 
So let's assume all of our expenses are equal. The might be different by a little bit, but probably not enough to change the point I'm making. So you make $60k and save $300/month. At my previous job, I was making $66k, but put in about 15% overtime on average. Bringing my salary up to $76k. I was saving about $1500 / month on average. So $1500 - $300 = $1200/ month. Over a year that is about $15k. Add that to your salary and that is about my salary. 

Apu: It's why you're a favorite, you understand my weaknesses ♥️
Yes the math checks out and now I'm starting to be concerned that I need to put more $ away 

Me: Awwww. I actually ran into Navid at the gym this morning lol

I understand the concern, but unless you start making double your current salary or more, you are always going to feel that way. I have the same concern and I'm in a much better financial situation than you.  It may seem irrational on my part. But I don't know. 
You have your loans paid off, and you have some savings?

Apu: My mom actually spoke with their mom the other day and mentioned they got them tickets to Turkey for their anniversary I think
Yeah I think that's also something in my mind that no matter how much I make, I'll just be moving the goal post instead of feeling good and secure. All loans paid off and 10k in checking account, I don't even bother with a savings account and put it all into 401k and ROTH

Me: Navid said his parents are also looking at houses in MD. 
The sad part is that it doesn't even come across as greed. We just want to feel secure financially. 
So the amount in checking account is partially your rainy day fund?
Why not put some into a savings account? You can get decent interest rate on a savings account. Checking account gives you essentially nothing. What if you need access to more cash than $10k? You can't easily access the money in 401k and Roth. 
I put 10k in savings account for rainy day fund. I get 2% interest. So I just let it build. I don't add at this point. I have some money in checking account for bills. Then rest goes into mutual funds. I can easily access that whenever. I see it the same way as a Roth. I also have 15% of income going to 401k

Apu: It's probably cheaper in MD, my parents want to.move too but our community is so big here it's not worth being alone in Midwest or more South, maybe they'll consider PA
Yeah I never think I'm greedy, I just think I know how valuable a dollar is so it's worth protecting 

Yes, it's all rainy day fund / house fund 

So the money I have earmarked for savings is all going to fidelity  and the ROI I last saw was like 6% average for 3 accounts so I just keep adding to that instead of a savings account, which I'd rather just keep in checking and have access to spend however. Basically I'm trading off a somewhat inactive account for a super aggressive account and with PNC giving a penalty if I access the savings fund, I might as well sit on it 

Me: Well that and also be close to Soheyl and Navid. Your parents considered the Midwest?

Your parents would be so proud haha

10k isn't much of a house fund lol. 

I'm just saying that does not sound like an ideal setup. You don't have easy access to your savings, if it's all in 401k /Roth, or at least can't access it without penalty. My mutual funds are essentially the same investment as 401k/Roth, but I can easily access the money, and withdrawal without penalty.

Apu: Def to be closer but idk how often they come home, it's 3-4 hours so once every other month isn't end of the world for either of them 
They considered Texas and Kansas because we have family there, also California and Colorado for the same reason 

My parents would be proud of you too, you have a good Indian mentality

ITS A STARTING POINT TREVOR. AND IM ALONE. IDEALLY A WIFE WILL HAVE SOME $.

I agree I have less access but I don't think adding anything to the 2% roi is worth it and instead of rather just invest fully and have the cash available without penalty for withdrawing 

Me: Not sure how often they go home, but probably not often enough for their parents haha
Ah makes sense. Didn't picture them in Midwest lol

They would call me Michael while saying how proud they are lol

I'm alone as well. I now see your main criteria for your future wife lol

Apu: Idk either but I'm sure it's like once every two months, maybe they alternate and their parents take a trip down to DC 
I think they'd be fine in the Midwest, slower and easier pace of life

ONLY MY DAD WOULD. My mom knows you well

Actually there's a solid gaf amonsgt my family friends that I'm to picky and have 587 requirements so anytime someone's like Apurva would like her, someone will pull up a random one like, no her name doesn't start OR end with an A or she doesn't like dogs 

Me: Who knows. Well I might meet up with Navid this week for dinner though. 
Branchburg is not exactly a fast pace of life though. I'm guessing family/friends/community is their main criteria for location. 

I'm just kidding. I know your mom knows who I am. One of the last times I was over your house talking with your parents, I think you brought it up to your dad if he knows that me and Michael are different people lol

I could see you being picky lol. You wouldn't date a girl if her name doesn't start or end with an A?
Liking dogs is a criteria for you?

Me: Do you ever check Snapchat anymore? Lol
Apu: That'll be nice, catch up and see what he's up to and his plans 
Pace of life isn't the right phrase, but just a general lower urgency being in the Northeast versus other areas where people aren't rushing around as much. Yes those are the main criteria but I think the idea of an easier quality of life plays a role too. Idk what your parents plans are but with everyone on the east coast, it's probably manageable 

That sounds right lol I'm sure he took a minute and realized it was Trevor but even now I think he'd still take a min to process

I would only date a girl who starts or end with an A and much love love love dogs .. the A thing is a joke because it sorta keeps happening but gods truth that they gotta love dogs or no bueno. I bet you're pickier than me and have your own list though 

Apu: No lie, when I switched phones I forgot I never resigned in to Snapchat so idk the password 
Apu: And to lazy to reset
Me: Soheyl is joining as well. You know what's crazy? Well actually this probably won't be a surprise at all. They live together and work for the same company lol
Yeah I know what you mean. Are your parents putting the house back on the market?
My parents bought a beach house. So the only moving they would possibly be doing is selling the Branchburg house. But I don't expect that any time soon. 

Lol sounds about right

I didn't know that about the dogs. I knew you liked dogs and that you love Bentley. But I thought Bentley was more of an Anchorman thing. 

Loving dogs is not crazy as a criterion. I feel like at least half the girls I see on the apps mention dogs as a criterion. I would probably be seen as picky, but you have to have standards. I don't exactly have a list. I can't think of anything in particular right now. But I generally know it when I see it if I like or dislike an aspect of a person. I've been more open lately with whom I swipe right on

You being lazy. Shocker! Lol
So you don't want to see my face more often?

Apu: And you can just send me your face direct, I don't mind 
Apu: That's not at all surprising, they're like shadows
I think once they get the new deck they will, it will largely depend on the right price cause they're picky so they would probably either build a new house or have something super close by.

That seems like an interesting move since we're all going to die of climate change that they picked a beach house.. take both houses and sell em and move to a mansion in like Texas lol 

Yes I love your dog cause of name but I still believe the second I get a house, before I even turn on the electricity, I'm getting a dog. I love em alot. Like probably more than having a child if I'm being honest. It goes;

Dogs 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
 Adoption 
.
.
 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Actual kids

Apu: I think for some people I'm attracted too, first generation people, where pets weren't really a thing, it's not so obvious. Like I can't tell you how many Indian people hate dogs cause in India they're not pets they're wild animals for the most part 
Me: Nope. Not going to do that. 
Shadows?

Your house definitely needs a new deck. It's probably still the original deck lol. If your parents weren't picky, they would've moved the first time they tried. 

Yeah a beach house will go under from rising sea levels. A house in the Midwest will get blown away by a tornado. A house along the gulf coast will get destroyed by a hurricane. Your house will burn from a forest fire on the west coast. You will die from a blizzard in the north. Your house will melt in the south, including Texas. Also, you will get shot in the south including Texas. So Texas is the last place to move to lol. 

Bentley is also a great dog in general. I like dogs more than kids. I don't know if I even want kids. That's interesting that you would adopt before having actual kids. Why?

That cultural aspect makes sense, and it's also something that I wouldn't directly know. 

I realized that the girls name starting or ending with "A" could essentially apply to me as well. Out of the 4 girls I dated, 1 ended with A (Emma), 2 started and ended with A (both Amanda). Then there's Steph lol

Apu: Well that's to bad cause your face is probably worth it 
Yeah shadows, how they always follow each other 🤣

ITS BEEN REPAINTED. Good that they were picky because it would've been a dumb pain in the ass if they had to move again lol if they had stayed in NJ they probably would've moved a bit closer to their friends anyway

I might get shot in tx but I'll also have a gun so at least I'll go down swinging. You guys could move international! Enjoy your motherland's. Or travel around like Barb 

I'm the exact same way, dogs are great, kids aren't really a goal for me. So if I did think about kids, I think I'd rather give someone a home then just add to the mess. They need it more and I haven't really developed  the biological imperative for bloodlines. I'm probably closer to you and would do wayyyy more for you than like 95% of my family.

Yes I can teach you random culture things lol 

Apu: And then there's Steph would be a hilarious movie title 
Me: Girls don't think so 😑
I thought you were saying they are both shadows simultaneously which made no sense. A shadow can't be a shadow to another shadow

Oh. How is that deck not falling apart? Lol
Yeah weren't they just going to move in next to Shiv?

Why go through the pain of moving if you are just going to die soon after?
I don't think my parents would move international unless us kids followed. 

I figured that's why you'd adopt before having your own kids. It makes sense to adopt giving how many kids are in need of a home. 
I hope you wouldn't do the stuff with family that you would do for me 😂

It would be pretty bad if I was the one teaching you about Indian culture lol

Yeah I could see it already. I also picture stuff being taken from that relationship and put into the movie lol

Apu: I have the same issue Trevor so we can just marry each other
Well we sat out there yesterday for the balloon festival and it held up, so not awful. No they weren't going to move into that development, but something like it where all the maintenance is handled. 

I don't think a few days of moving is a huge sacrifice compared to dying a few years later lol if they're in a warmer nicer place closer to friends and family, then it's worth it. Wouldn't you help your family move if they wanted just so they can enjoy their glory years? 

Well it's also part genetics, which aren't great either lol lots of awful cancer and mental health all over the family, why pass it on 

What do you think I would do for you..........♥️

Apu: Also if you're actually down for another eurotrip, Paris flight for 278 non stop in October 
Me: I don't think that will solve our issues lol
Well that's a good sign but having only a few people on a deck is not much of a test lol. Yeah who wants to do maintenance and mow the lawn and stuff

I'm saying you are going to die regardless so save yourself the pain of moving. Also, you'd probably die the soonest in Texas or the South. 
I didn't say I wouldn't help them move. I just don't think they will move. 

So are you going to try to convince Hennah with that reasoning to adopt instead, assuming she wants kids?

Stuff that you should never do with family lol

I don't have the PTO to take a big trip anytime for awhile

Me: You sent a picture.
Me: Found you
Me: Lol
Apu: Based on the photo you jsut sent me, I think that's a pretty close solution.
I think it's a great test cause hopefully less people start coming here 🤣 do your parents still throw parties? 

I just don't think moving is that painful compared to being somewhere that's good but not great and if you're old, you won't be doing the labor anyway

Texas has an amazing Indian community, it's a reasonable alternative compared to other states. California would be a good alternative but I don't think it would be enough of a financial difference to leave 

I can't convince Henah of anything 🤣 she does know my pov on it though, and she gets it but we've had different discussions about kids too but it seems to change alot so who knows. Do you talk to your siblings about it yet? 

LIKE WHAT TREVOR? WHAT DO WE DO THAT I CANT DO WITH FAM? 

you got a new job.. new PTO..

Me: I swiped left though lol. She was actually from Thailand. Would you date a girl with the same name as you?
The number of people there is a great sign for you. But still a poor test of the deck. 
They haven't really been having people over other than holidays. They didn't have a party for balloon fest. 

Well yeah if you can pay for movers and lawn care people, then of course it's good lol

Where in Texas?

Henah being hardheaded. Never would've guessed lol. 
Lauren wants kids. Michael seems to want kids. Whenever having kids is brought up during family time, I just stay silent. I think you are the only one that knows my actual pov on kids. 

I don't need to answer that lol

I get very little PTO. My company is cheap as hell. I am going to Lebanon at the end of August. Start of 2020 I'll have enough PTO, or time off between jobs. We will see lol

Apu: Seems like a good person to know in case you go to Thailand 
I would never. I'm not nearly vain enough. I honestly think it would be difficult to date someone with the same name as someone else that's significant in my life. I mess up names all the time so I need some clear distinctions lol

Sounds like your parents are throwing in the towel on hosting lol idk if they have the same sorta community our family does but the only reason we have people over now is cause it's our turn

We have family around Irving and suburbs around DFW, obviously the more liberal areas lol

How come you haven't voiced your pov? Glad you could tell me but not sure whyd you'd be silent? I'm sure they'll have a momentary freakout but eventually respect your decision

ANSWER IT TREVOR. ITS IMPORTANT TO TO ME

Me: But I swiped left.... So I won't ever know her
Lol. Lucky for me there are no girls with the name Trevor lol. I see what you mean. It would be kinda weird to date someone named Lauren. But what names other than Sheila and Hennah? I'm guessing this is going to be a long list lol

Yeah I don't know what's going on

Liberal areas....shocker! The conservative areas in Texas are probably pretty rough lol

Ehhh there's no reason for me to bring it up. Not trying to have that discussion anytime soon. My family can be weird about random stuff at times. Also, who knows if things will be different in 5+ years. 

Ehhh

Apu: Better go to Craigslist Thailand and post on Missed Connections 🤣
What if her name was Treva, could be an issue lol yeah there's a few brown women names that are popular of people I care deeply about; Deepika, Puja, Vidhi, Priya, Divya.. some of the less popular names like Rachna or Khushbu would still be weird lol

You should probably find out what's going lol WHAT IF THEY RUN OFF AND ABANDON YOU. 

Yeah they have to pick their spots if they moved in the current environment but I still think they'd look for Indianish communities at any point. Like they would go to an Edison-esque area cause that be to much 

I mean yeah you don't have to bring it up if it's touchy but if they asked, would you avoid? And yeah, ideally, if children were an option, it probably would be with a significant other so they may away your opinion

Apu: WHAT IS IT. I NEED INFORMATION
Me: Why are you pushing me to meet this girl? Also, it was on hinge, so she will eventually show up again lol. 
Never heard of that name lol. How many of those names are family?

I'm living on my own already anyway

It's always a lot of picking when you move. Maybe more so for your parents than most. 

I would just deflect like with most things in life lol. Well yeah if I meet someone, I should have a better idea because they'll want to know. 

It's not what we've done but what you want to do lol

Apu: Obviously because of her name, it's the closest I'll feel to you .. I've tried hinge, don't really like it all that much 
3 of the 7 are family, the rest are just close friends who I def don't want to think of in a romantic way lol

You'd still miss them if they were like, we're going to Luxembourg, good luck!!!!

If you fell for someone that was like, I want 3 kids, would you be like sure! Or like, maybe 1 and 2 dogs and negotiate lol 

Me: Hahaha of course that's why. She hasn't shown up again yet. I like hinge the best so far. Why don't you like it?
Yeah but if you meet a girl that you really like, but shares the names as one of those friends, then you might think differently about immediately x'ing her. 

I guess we will see if that happens lol

I do think that if I were to have kids, 3 is the perfect amount in terms of being ideal for the kids without being a lot of kids. 3 is a better balance than 2. More than 3 is crazy. 3 is pretty crazy in itself. 1 is a definite no. I would negotiate down to 2 kids though. 

Me: I have a surprise for you
Apu: ?
Me: I'll be home the weekend before and weekend after your bday
Apu: FOR ME??? 
Me: Sure
Apu: So from earlier that I forgot 
I didn't like hinge because my taste just wasn't on it, I've had more luck with coffee meets bagel, but I also generally despise dating apps so it's a low bar of happiness 

I don't think I'd meet a girl I would like that much instantly if they shared the name of someone else lol

I wonder if that's cause you were 3, I'm 2 and I think that's good, 3 seems like alot to me and yeah anything more would be insane. Why give a kid middle child syndrome 🤣

Apu: Also why are you really home 
Me: Hinge is the only one that I've had some sort of luck on. No luck on others including CMB. People are more likely to fill out information on Hinge than ones like CMB and Tinder. 
At least for dating apps, you are deciding if you like them based on what's in their profile, not based on their name. CMB doesn't even give the name before matching. 

You never experienced the dynamic of more than 2. I have some experience of the dynamic of 2. 3 is a lot. Yeah middle children are rough. 

I'll be in New Port, RI for work from 9/16 - 9/20. So I'll be home both weekends. I do want to meet up with you and at least celebrate your b-day one of the weekends. The other weekend I'm trying to meet up with a friend from VT that lives in Connecticut. Not sure which weekend I'll see who yet

Me: Doesn't look like I'll be home those weekends anymore. Work trip got cancelled lol
Apu: I guess my experience has been the opposite on CMB, I've had more actual discussions happen vs Hinge it's just one small discussion and nowhere to go.. agree on thing alike Bumble and Tinder, nothing to go off of 
True I've never had the experience of 3, but what's the additional benefit from your POV? Feel like it's extra responsibility for Lauren, middle child crap for Michael, and then you obviously benefit with two different povs growing up 

YOU CAN STILL COME SEE ME BOOBOO

Me: But CMB is popular among Asians. Gives you an advantage there. I agree that conversations tend to be short and go nowhere. But I feel that's going to be my experience with dating apps, regardless of the app. Any decently attractive girl is going to get a shit ton of likes. They have no incentive to stick around if they see someone better come around. CMB is also very limiting by only allowing you to swipe on like 20 girls per day. 

Yeah I benefit from another pov. Also at least in my situation, which I think tends to fit where the middle child syndrome is present, if two of us are fighting, then we can always go to the other one that wasn't in the fight. In my case, Michael was either fighting with me or Lauren. So me and Lauren always had each other to go to. For you, if you and Hennah were fighting, you didn't have another sibling to go to.

I know. Do you have any plans for your bday?

Apu: How do you figure it's popular with Asians lol 
I think there's a general idea that people are quicker and shorter on tinder or bumble versus hinge, like sentiments as a dating vs hookup apps

I think Henah and I would more likely gang up on my mom and dad lol but idk how much it benefits to have a third from a familial add .. like I even think 2 is alot financially

I leave it to other people but I would be touched if you made the trip up ♥️

Me: Well, majority of the girls that I see on there are Asian. Also, an Asian friend confirmed it's for Asians lol
You said that you've had more long convos on CMB. But how many of those convos have lead to dates? I don't care how long we text for. It means nothing if it doesn't lead to a date. A short convo that leads to a date is better to me. 

Well that depends on the kids. But I think generally siblings fight amongst themselves. You and Hennah not fighting each, but instead fighting your parent would be outside the norm. Yeah I think 2 would be better from a parent perspective. 

Must be nice that you have people that will plan your bday celebration. I had to organize something myself

Apu: I am also Asian and I confirm that it's not mostly Asian... Maybe it's where you live 🤣
Compared to all apps, CMB has lead to the most but we have long texts and we don't go on enough dates 😠 I just think there's more to discuss to see if someone's a good fit and then an opening to go on a date 

Yeah Henah and I did still fight quite a bit, do you know why your parents went with three? 

We have a rotation in this friend group where we all plan for one another

Me: I know you are. I guess it's where I live. I feel like Asians generally look for Asians, thus reducing my chances on CMB.
Yeah a long text convo would be nice but I will know better if I like them or not by meeting in person. I texted a girl for two months, then went on a date. I quickly realized on the date that she was not for me. After that experience, I don't want to waste time texting for long. Also, girls ghost so often. I feel shooting for long convos leads to more ghosting.

Not sure. I think they just felt it was a good number. Why did your parents go with 2?

Must be nice having friends

Apu: You'd be surprised who has yellow fever lol I think also being in DC removes alot of those biases cause you probably have more options versus suburbia living 
Yes I agree that I'd rather just skip to in person and see, over text is such a lie, people can craft and rewrite and present their best communication skills but in person, hard to fake being a dumb dumb 

My mom was 1 of 11, my dad 1 of 6, two is exactly what they need lol I think it was let's have the bare minimum. Like having one seems like a bad idea, no one to play with, harder to teach selflessness, probably spoiled by other family, can fuck a person up 

COME BACK TO DIRTY JERZ OR NYC AND WE'LL BE FRIENDS 😇


Me: Why would girls having yellow fever help me? I don't think those biases are necessarily reduced here. Also, I hate how politically-centric everything is here. 
Exactly! Also a lot gets lost in communication through text. 

My mom was 1 of 6 and my dad was 1 of 2. So 3 was the balance. 
Yeah one would suck. 

We aren't currently friends?

Apu: I'm not saying it's helping, I'm saying Asians dont really generally look for Asians
Yeah DC probably skews alot of conversation topics compared to other places since that's literally what's happening everywhere and it's probably hard to find people who have less visceral views 

We are but you can have more if you come back to me ♥️♥️

Me: I'm not saying all, but I think a significant amount are looking for Asians. 
Yeah. It's really annoying and frustrating. I'm not trying to date someone that works in politics or only cares about politics. But if I ruled out those girls, my field is cut by probably at least half. I was texting one girl about podcasts. She listens to a podcast about feminist movie reviews. I didn't even know that was a thing lol. I never found out if it was reviews of movies by feminists, or reviews of feminist movies most likely by feminists. Wasn't clear lol. When you let politics bleed into every aspect of your life, then that's definitely too far for me. She ghosted me anyway so didn't matter

I know hahaha. Keep me in the loop on b-day plans 

Apu: If that were true I'd be alot luckier when at Rutgers or if I hung out in Edison 🤣
I think podcasts are hitting the internet version Rule 34, if someone thought about it, there's probably a podcast about it by now. I think it be far more entertaining for women to sit together and talk about the problematic issues around like Saw lol just reviewing a movie about feminism would be redundant, gotta break down other films and find some random meaning in it 

Agreed, once politics bleeds in a little to much, its unbearable. The person needs to be grounded enough to know when and when not to have those discussions

Will do!

Me: You have more competition at Rutgers because of the high Asian population. So your argument doesn't hold. You have it harder there assuming that Asians want Asians
Well yeah podcasts have exploded in the past few years, especially since anyone can create one. When I say a feminist movie, I don't mean like a documentary. An example those movies would be Erin Brockovich. Movie reviews by women is important. But if it's only from a viewpoint regarding feminism, that's a bit narrow of a perspective. It's an important perspective, especially when there's still inequality in many aspects of life. A feminist listening to other feminists is not expanding their perspectives.

Exactly! A lot of feminists here are like vegans and cross-fitters in the sense that they will let you know right away and emphatically that they are a feminist. I want a girl that is a feminist, but I don't want feminism thrown in my face every second of everyday

Thanks!

Apu: So Asians go for Asians but just not this Asian because of other Asians ? 
I think a just feminist reading of a movie is important for some people who never think from that POV though but yeah feminists to other feminists is only really self entertainment, and maybe that's what they're going for, to be entertaining and not that informative 

Well as someone who would never give up cheese and hasn't stepped in a gym this decade.. fuck those people. I usually have the reverse problem that might energy and attitude aren't matched from an intensity level, not so much content 

Me: I guess so
Yeah feminists listening to it is just stupid lol. 

Your options at taco Bell would be even less if you didn't eat cheese lol
Cross-fitters are just exhibitionists. I don't believe they are doing it for a proper workout. 

Apu: https://twitter.com/OtiAdjei/status/1170115132795568128?s=19
Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: Well not everything needs to be informative, sometimes listening to like minded people can be relaxing, especially if people around you are difficult. If I was living in the deep South, listening to the Daily might be a healthy reprieve 
That's a good way to put it.. extreme workouts are exhibitionisy 

Me: Well yeah, but DC is like feminist central minus the current administration. She probably surrounds herself with only like minded people. 
Well not all extreme workouts are exhibitiony. Certain professional athletes need extreme workouts because they perform at an extreme level. The typical cross-fitter is not a professional athlete, and cross-fit promotes poor technique which leads to injury. They just want to look impressive 

Apu: You never know.. she might realize that's unhealthy a d how echo Chambers form and might surprise you 
As someone who's never looked impressive, I don't think it looks much more impressive as a cross fit person 

Apu: But it also takes alot to impress me so maybe I'm picky ? 
Apu: Also September 14th, early birthday dinner 😁
Me: Maybe but that girl is long gone so we will never know
I don't know anyone that thinks cross-fitters are impressive

You think it's hard to impress you? Did you forget who you're talking to? Lol

Thanks. I nearly died last week. Still recovering. I'll see how I feel as the weekend approaches

Apu: YOU CAN ALWAYS WIN HER BACK. WATCH AN 80S MOVIE AND PARTAKE IN SOME LIGHT STALKING. 
Yeah you have a high bar as well but yours is far more earned than mine 

Apu: NEARLY DIED. FROM WHAT.
Me: Can't win her back if there's no way to contact her or find her lol
I feel like I've always had a much higher bar than you. My bar for dating is slowly lowering

I was in Lebanon over Labor day weekend for a wedding. I flew back on Monday (Labor day). Sunday night before my flight, I came down with food poisoning or something of the like. Hit me like a wall. Couldn't hold anything down. Dealt with diahrrea and vommitting for the 23 hours of travel home. Looked like death when I got home. Couldn't really talk because my throat was so destroyed. Thought it would be like 24 hour bug, so didn't go to work Tuesday and rested. Woke up Wednesday not feeling better. So went to ER. I was so dehydrated they gave me two bags of IV. Still didn't feel like enough to hydrate me. The prescribed me antibiotics. Finally went to work today but still feeling the effects. Definitely lost weight. Weight that I don't have to lose. 

Me: That's why it took me a week to respond to you 
Apu: See what happens when you hang out in Lebanon ?!?
Apu: Also that's pretty wild, what do you think it is 
Me: I like how your response is more about "you get what you deserve" than about anything else like sympathy haha
Several people got sick all within a day or two of each other. We went swimming in the Mediterranean on Saturday afternoon. The first guy got sick that evening. I got a brief faint rash on my legs when I got out of the water. My first thought was the sea water was the issue. 
We went to McDonalds for dinner Sunday evening 😑. I started to feel off like two hours after dinner. A group of us hung out later that evening. Had some drinks. Got back to my hotel at 1am and it hit me like a wall. I was catching a cab at 5am for the airport. Got no sleep that night. Some people blamed the McDonald's as the issue

Apu: I'd be sympathetic if you were still in the hospital, you're home now 😁
Apu: Dude where were you in Lebanon 
Apu: I think McDonald's is a safe bet 
Me: Fair enough. 
Byblos. It's an hour north of Beirut along the coast. It's the hometown of my friends that got married. 

I guess. Apparently it was the first McDonalds in Lebanon lol

Apu: Guess they're still working out some kinks of food for everyone 
Apu: Did you get like immunizations before going 
Me: It's been there awhile though lol
Nope. There weren't any that I needed

Apu: I'll tell you the taco Bell in Somerville is still trash so it takes time to get things right 
You might want to get some blood work done after this ..  

Me: Given how big these chains are, you'd think they'd have everything figured out by now lol
They took blood and urine samples when I went to ER. Get it done again?
I'm still feeling somewhat fatigued

Apu: That's exactly why they're not, companies that big probably have to many peoples POV and they can't make a clear decision. To many cooks in the kitchen 😂 
Apu: Maybe it's taking awhile to recover ? Doesn't seem right that you're still sidelined when you generally are healthy 
Me: But you would think that corporate would pass along guidelines to all store locations for at least how to not get people sick
Yeah it's taking way longer to fully recover than it should

Apu: Eh their franchises, as long as hq gets paid, guidelines stay guidelines not rules lol
What did they say about blood results 

Me: True. But hq doesn't like losing out on potential profits
One of my white blood cell counts was high. That's why they gave me antibiotics

Me: Doesn't look like I'll be making it home this weekend. Don't have the energy. Sorry
Apu: No worries, health first 
Apu: I think you might want to go back and talk about the antibiotics 
Me: Glad you are so understanding
Why?

Apu: Cause they're clearly not working ? Gotta be your own advocate 
Me: The antibiotics worked. I just have some lingering effects: some fatigue, and some light-headedness resulting in some dizziness and lack of clear thinking 
Apu: Those seem like extreme lingering effects of antibiotics 
Me: Well yeah not sure what's going on. 
I apparently lost around 7 lbs though 

Apu: Hence going back the doctor and figuring it out 
Me: I feel like they'll just say give it time
Apu: Gotta make a fuss .. be your own advocate 
Apu: Go make a scene 
Apu:  Eme 
Apu: Be me 
Me: I don't like rushing to the doctor over every little thing
Also, based on looking at my health insurance online, it looks like I'm going to be billed $1200+ for that ER visit 😑

Apu: ....fuck that shit, but also it's not every little thing 
Me: They just bill whatever they want because they can. Ridiculous!
I guess

Apu: The show Adam ruins everything does a good overview of how b.s. hospitals are 
Apu: Maybe it's time for a job in Toronto 
Me: It's pretty obvious how bs they are. They are a business and it's probably the only one that tells how how much you will pay after the service. Every other business you know the cost of the goods or services beforehand. 
You have wanted me to move north. Isn't that over-shooting how far north? Lol

Me: Happy Birthday!!!
Apu: Thank youuuu bud! 
True, I never thought of it like that but also you can't shop around your options when you're dying so the expediency kinda corrupts things 

It's free healthcare after a few years .. I want you alive first cause I care ♥️

Me: Of course! Thought you were giving me the cold shoulder. Out late partying? Lol
Yeah they hold so much power over individuals. Even if you try to shop around, it'll still cost you for those visits. Even then, it might not save you much and they probably won't give you a clear cost break down. They will use insurance as an excuse to give you any accurate numbers.

That would mean I would need to survive those few years...

Apu: You just texted me so early it got bumped out of view 🤣 also I'm not that passive aggressive, if I wanted to ignore you, I'd let you know 
I firmly believe any time ever you get a bill you should just fight it, even if it's reasonable so they know you fight everything in their internal system so they don't try anything. Just be super annoying and ask for the managers managers manager and they'll know 

Well you'll still get free healthcare to a certain extent, just don't get stabbed 😊

Me: So you read the text, then ignored it? 🤔 Or is it not ignoring because your norm is to take a week to reply?
But can you really fight a basic hospital bill like mine? What ground do I have to stand on?

"Just don't get stabbed" is something that I'm pretty sure all people live by. But that does leave a lot of other bad stuff open to happening

Apu: Same as here where I just forget lfor awhile and think, damn I haven't talked to you in awhile lol
I'm sure if you get something super itemized you can make a fuss for overcharging .. not about winning, just letting insurance know you're a pain in the ass and check every little thing .. small fights now are better vs something bigger down the line where a huge Bill gets a bit bigger and harder to fight 

In Canada all they have is a brown facing president

Apu: https://twitter.com/LeifTheTank/status/1174656185926082561?s=19
Me: It'll never make sense to me lol
Just got the bill of $1256.79 😑
I don't even know where to start, who to call, etc.

So that means nothing bad could happen to me in Canada?

Are you suggesting I check out the race?

Apu: We have multiple conversations at once so responding is never quick and then cause I forget stuff easily, it drops off 😁
I'm sure if you get the fully itemized one, they're probably charging something like $80 for an IV bag or you were charged for something you didn't get or didn't work. Easily worth the fight to knock down the bill 

Yes I think there will be beautiful girls with weiners there 😊

Me: Yeah some texts can be longer than typical texts. But if you don't have the chance to respond right away, then it stays as a notification which would be a reminder. If you have to stop in the middle of the text, the app I use labels it as a draft, which is another form of reminder. So taking more than a day to respond still doesn't make sense to me. 
Me: You sent a picture.
Me: I did not end up checking out the race unfortunately 
Apu: That's a good system versus my very regular, I'll remember that system 
Every single thing in there is probably worth a discussion. 

What does pharmacy entail? 

Specifically what diagnostics were done and what was the point 

What drug is 1.24 

What is covered in emergency room? Is that inclusive of treatment? Which treatment, what medicine? 

Apu: That is unfortunate, women with weiners are great I've been told 
Me: Would you expect any less of me?
Well the lab work is probably on par with what you'd expect. But still high. 

No clue what pharmacy entails. Do they charge for writing you a prescription? Lol

They analyzed blood and urine. That's typical given my symptoms. 

They gave me 3 pills while there. That's what's $1.24

The $1600 is ridiculous. 

Well they do love weiners which is a plus

Me: Called the billing department at the hospital. They couldn't answer anything. They directed me to another department. They couldn't answer anything either. 😑
Apu: You are definitely better at texting back than I am so I guess the system works .. don't hold out that I'll change though🤣 
Lab work could be running tests that were unnecessary and billing you, I'd easily ask what were the test and see which test and how much.. it's fair to ask what they tested you on. 

I think the pharmacy one is b.s. for sure 

If that's all the testing they did, that seems kind of high. Have them write out specifically what they did. 

Those 3 pills for 1.24... can't be right 

Apu: STAY PERSISTENT. 2 HOURS COULD SAVE YOU A FEW HUNDRED DOLLARS 
Me: Hahaha I never expect you to change lol
I know what tests they ran because I have access to the lab results. 

Yeah I agree about the pharmacy

Well I looked back at my physical from last year and they ran blood work. They charged $320 among other charges. So I don't think I'll save anything off lab work.

I'm not going to fight over $1.24 lol

I'll call again tomorrow. The billing at the hospital also told me to call insurance. I want answers from the hospital though since they billed everything. 

Me: Also, I see that you finally got Snapchat again lol
Apu: I have changed.. I eat alot less taco Bell, expect some growth emotionally and a decrease in weight 
Were all those tests necessary?

Fight the pharmacy!

1.24 is exactly what you fight over.. that's setting precedent right there you're not to be fucked with. 

Did you end up calling 

Apu: And yes I needed it for a social campaign lol
Me: Well of course you changed. And you will change over time. I just meant that I won't put pressure on you to change.
Idk. But I received a more itemized bill with the charge codes. I'm not sure how the items group together to form the first bill. I couldn't get numbers to add up. Didn't try hard though. 

I will fight the pharmacy. 

That 1.24 turned out to be for only 1 pill. The two other pills apparently were actually solutions added to the IV. That pill was the first antibiotic pill I took. Then I went to CVS with my prescription. I think I paid like $12 for 10 pills.

I called the hospital billing twice. First time, they were no help. Called the next day, but had to leave a message. They never called back. I also called Cigna. They actually called the hospital while I was on the line. That's how I got the more itemized bill. Cigna said they can petition for me if I find something wrong with the bill

So it wasn't for me.... Wow thanks 😑

Me: https://variety.com/2019/tv/news/bojack-horseman-final-season-netflix-1203351456/
Quite disappointing

Apu: Well if you see me going down a sad path of...sadness.. you better pressure me to change 
YES PETITION THE PHARMACY BULLSHIT. Good on Cigna to actually get you direct help. Maybe they can get you a description of each of the codes. That'll be big if the insurance company starts routing you stuff 

I told you I'd rather have those selfies texted 😁

Apu: I never fully got into Bojack actually.. it was a little to much 
Me: Well yeah but depression is complicated. But obviously if you developed bad habits like smoking or drugs, I would pressure you to change. 
Well it looks like the pharmacy charge was the other two pills that were added to my IV as a solution. Not sure how they are so expensive though compared to the antibiotic pill I took. 

If you want the selfie, you can screen shot the snap lol

Yeah it can be a lot, but isn't Rick and Morty also? I know they are different shows

Apu: If I was depressed and unable to get out of it, I'd want you to pressure me still, I'm 99% confident you have my best intentions 
So did you end up having any luck fighting that bill ?

I could do that but that's more labor for both of us.. sending through a different app instead of consolidating 

I think Rick and Morty found a better balance instead of like the mania and then quick turns into sadness. I'm currently finishing on peaky blinders, high high high recommendation

Me: Of course I have your best intentions. 
I submitted an appeal through Cigna. It will take 1-2 months 😑

More labor for you, not me. The act of clicking on one app vs another is not more work for me. It's easier to send pics through Snapchat 

Yeah Ricky and Morty finds a better balance, but that doesn't mean Bojack is bad. I just started mad men. Not sure how I feel about it yet.

Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: Look familiar ?
Apu: You received a picture.
Me: What??? Why are those there?
Apu: Samsung is doing a screening party for El Camino 
Me: Ahhh I see
Apu: Those 1-2 months timeline means reimbursement for Christmas gifts 
Every little bit of labor adds up, life is short. But sure you can send me Snapchat and waste precious seconds 

Mad Men after like 4 seasons was tough, it gets sorta repetitive and his stoicism gets harder to relate too

Apu: Get on Peaky or Billions 
Apu: Also high on Succession
Me: I doubt I'll get any reimbursement. 
Where are the wasted seconds? Either way, I have to take a pic, and send it. If I want to text a pic, then I have to go to camera app, then back to text app. There's wasting time. 

Great, I'll have 3 rough seasons. Just what I want 😑

I don't know anything about any of those lol

Apu: Your snap was embarrassed
Me: What does that even mean? Lol
Apu: Embarrassing *
Three dues with the same shoes 

Me: That's what I thought you meant. 
That's why I snapped it lol. They are also all wearing probably the douchiest shoes haha

Me: https://birdsarentreal.com/pages/the-history
Apu: I don't remember where I heard about this but I think I saw a video about one of the founders lol 
Apu: Truly incredible and a pioneer in free thought ♥️
Me: I figured you'd appreciate this conspiracy theory lol
So it's been a weird week for me. I feel like I did nothing this week but a lot happened

Me: It is quite a good theory lol. Still some holes in it though
Apu: What happened
Me: Well maybe everything that happened this week wasn't weird, but a lot definitely happened.
So I matched with 4 girls on hinge in 6 days this week. That is extremely odd. At best, I was matching with a girl every 3-4 weeks. So the girl I matched with last night is where I got that birds aren't real link from. That was her first message. She didn't respond to my response. She then unmatched me this morning. I think she is swiping right on all guys just to share that link lol. So she doesn't really count. But that's still matching with 3 girls in 5 days. Still a ridiculous match rate for me. I don't see it going anywhere with any of these girls though. 

On Sunday, I ran the Army 10 miler, a 10 mile run race. 

Wednesday morning, I went to the orthopedist about my elbow. I was going in expecting talking about surgery. It's been 3 years since my injury and my elbow still gives me issues. It prevents me from playing tennis, volleyball, properly working out and doing other things I want to do. I will wake up some days with it hurting. It hurts if I talk on the phone for an extended period of time. In the end, the orthopedist is just pushing PT. So I'll do PT 4-6 weeks twice a week. Also planning on getting a new MRI.

Wednesday, I also talked to my boss privately. Started off talking about my orthopedist appointment. Mentioned that I was expecting surgery, but I'll just be doing PT as of now. But that will be during work hours. Then I talked to her about my role at work. Told her I want to do more programming stuff. Currently do none. She is open to it, but she essentially needs my input the full way for it to go anywhere. She knows nothing about that realm. I don't have enough experience to really make any great suggestions though. We will see where this goes, but at least the ball is rolling. A matter of how fast it's rolling right now, who knows. 

So that was my week

Apu: Finally reading this, please hold 
Me: Thanks, operator
Me: Lol
Apu: Please pass along my info about the bird theory. Which btw, I matched with some girl who brought up the mattress firm theory but otherwise, fingers crossed one of those works out 🤞🏾

That's stupid, why not drive instead ? 10 miles can go by pretty quickly 

Dude your elbow is still bad? That's fucked up. Maybe time to see a different doctor. Don't want to prolong anything that could become severe

Awesome that your boss is open to it and you can guide her.. you can basically make your own job. Just ask around from some other people to get you started

Me: You didn't really say much about the bird theory lol. I can't pass along anything because she un-matched me the next morning. She didn't even reply to my response lol. I doubt any of them will work out for even just a date. The three remaining show little interest in me. They text once and then take several days to respond. Conversations are essentially moving nowhere with each of them. 
Being able to drive would defeat the purpose lol

Yeah my elbow is pretty screwed up. I could get a second opinion. But this orthopedist has sound reasoning for not pushing surgery. Also you should be skeptical of a doctor that is pushing surgery in this case. I'm scheduled for an MRI on 10/28. This should have more detail than MRI I had 2 years ago. So we will see if that provides any more insight. I start PT tomorrow. I don't think my elbow has gotten worse. The clicking in my elbow has improved though. 

I can sort of my own job. There are a lot of hurdles for anything to pan out though. The first hurdle is coming up with good ideas. I don't have any great ideas though. Ask other people what?

Me: Is it going anywhere with mattress firm girl? Any other matches lately?
Apu: I forgot where I heard about it but watch this incredible video because I can't tell if he's being meta or just sad https://youtu.be/zNtr0RahRqM
Maybe you're being attacked by Russian bots, they've gotten into Hinge...secret sleeper agents who realize you're to smart to fall for it and leave 

Isn't the purpose to go ten miles further...who would want to run it when you can drive it? 

Yes be skeptical of doctors who jump to surgery but also be skeptical that 3 years is a long time.. especially if PT isn't all that great 

Ask other people what they need from a coding perspective and that can guide you to how you'll add value right ?

Apu: 2 other matches, that girl never responded
Apu: I'm being pretty lazy about trying 
Me: He looks exactly like the type of person I'd expect to support this movement lol. I kind of think he is serious haha
If they were Russian bots, they would try harder than 1 or 2 messages lol. Well it appears that all of the girls are ghosting me at this point 😑

You can't drive in this race lol

You could be skeptical every which way you look at the situation with my elbow. This is a different physical therapist. So his different approach might help

Yeah I'll have to ask around. 

Maybe mattress firm girl is just using this to learn about conspiracy theories lol. Are these 2 matches going anywhere?
I'm trying to swipe right 10 times per day on hinge. But that can take awhile lol

Apu: Hard to tell if yes serious but I think that's kinda his point right ? Is this something so ridiculous it's real
I disagree... It's a number game for the Russians, if you're not intrigued or show you're too smart, they move on

Maybe you can't drive in this race, I'd be willing to give it a try.. SHOW ME THE RULEBOOK.

Thinking asking around is a safe bet considering how long it's been 

If she's just using apps to learn conspiracy theories... Should've just sent her to YouTube, click one Alex Jones link and she's gone lol

No matches go anywhere, I just forget to respond sometimes and others just crap out 

Me: He needs to give the impression of more serious of he actually wants people to take it serious though lol
I'm the one that always carries the convo, so I'm clearly showing intrigue. Matched with 2 girls on Saturday. One didn't even reply to my first message. It appears both have ghosted me already 😑

I'm not searching for any rulebook lol

PT seems like it might be helping. Elbow didn't hurt while playing volleyball for 3 hours on Saturday. Not sure if its direct result of PT, but positive sign at least

She might get more entertainment from texting people about the theories more so than just watching YouTube. 

Same for me. But I at least reply to every message on time. It's your fault if they go nowhere because you don't respond lol

Apu: I can't imagine him being more serious than his current deadpan 
Maybe you need a different opening line? Ask another woman in your life who would know lol 

Then I'm driving in this marathon so you all enjoy the sidewalk 

Pretty impressive that for 3 hours your elbow of all things was fine.. I think even if I was healthy I would still feel a bit stiff after awhile 

Well little did she know that I was a trolls troll when it comes to conspiracy theories so she cut that shit out real fast

Listen, I actually like you and it still takes me a few days to respond to our four simultaneous conversations.. imagine carrying one with someone I barely know 

Me: True lol
I don't use the same opening line. I always reference something in their profile. But I never start off with a joke or some pick-up line. 

I didn't see anything in the rules for this particular race explicitly banning cars lol

The ball had more pop than usual, so that helped. But I doubt that fully explains my elbow being fine the whole time. 

She didn't want to talk about conspiracy theories anymore? Or she just didn't want to talk to you any more? Lol

A few days is probably average for you lol. Yeah but are you having 4 simultaneous convos with each girl?

Me: I drove a Prius the other day. I'll understand if you never talk to me again. 
Me: I'm home btw
Apu: Lunch tomorrow ? 
Me: Earlier lunch
Apu: Brunch it is! 11am? 
Me: Works for me
Apu: Thoughts on where to go?
Me: A diner probably makes the most sense. Unless you have another suggestion
Apu: Make you go to vegan place?
Me: Like you would even go to one lol
Me: Do they serve mozzarella sticks?
Apu: No .. that would be cheese lol but I can eat other things besides mozzarella sticks
Me: Exactly! That's the reason why you would never go vegan lol
Apu: I HAVE OTHER TASTES BEYOND CHEESE T DAWG
Me: I KNOW! BUT WOULD YOU GIVE UP CHEESE?!?
Apu: Never say never... I might 
Me: What would your diet believably look like then?
Apu: Please ehold.. can't find wallet 
Me: Lol
Apu: Maybe more than a minute...
Me: Maybe you need an app for finding your wallet
Apu: Found it 
Apu: So I'll start a spreadsheet on the meth idea and just feed in when appropriate mkayy?
For the other stuff-
Maybe you should start with a joke .. I've been assured women like humor

I'm not having simultaneous conversations ever lol 

Me: Ok have fun!
I'm not funny...

Only simultaneous convos with me? If you don't have simultaneous convos with the girls, then you should be better about replying to them

My appeal through Cigna regarding ER bill got denied 😑

Also MRI for elbow got denied 😑

Me: Just matched with a girl that went to Rutgers. So take that!
Apu: We laugh all the time, you're funny to me ♥️
I'm worse replying to them because at least with you I know it'll be interesting.. it just takes a second 🤣

Did they say why?? Can you appeal further ? 

WHO WAS IT. BROWN GIRL??

Me: True. Awww thanks. I don't know how to be funny from initial message to a girl lol
I don't know how you define a second, but you can take hundreds of thousands of seconds to respond at times lol

Of course they're not going to give an actual explanation lol. I can't appeal further. It's not the courts lol

I doubt you would know her. Although she is your age. And no, she is not brown lol. If that makes you feel better haha

Apu: https://twitter.com/mikeyufo/status/1193684882087710720?s=19
Apu: Just say what weird funny thing you think, the woman who laughs at the weirdness is the winner
Thats called IST - Indian standard time 

FIGHT TILL YOUR NEXT BILL. MAKE EM PAY LEGAL FEES.

Apu: What's her name 
Me: Could not be more accurate lol
The stuff that I think of comes from current conversation. I can't think of it to start off a conversation. 

Ahh of course! How could I forget

It's too late. Already paid. 

Vicki. It appears she already ghosted me 😑

Me: Did I tell you how I was supposed to go on a date this past Wednesday?
Apu: You're going to have to pick up some one liners to get started lol
DAMNIT TREVOR. DONT PAY FOR THINGS UNTIL YOU HAVE TOO. FIGHT THE POWER.

Dumb name, probably dodged a bullet 

Tell me about the date 

Apu: Also Rick and Morty is back 
Me: I hate that it has to come to that. 
I tried 😑

Why is Vicki a dumb name? Lol. Well I dodged a bullet because she went to Rutgers haha

So I matched with this girl Amelia a few weeks ago on a Saturday. We sent like two texts. Then I heard nothing for a few days. Texted her again. Still no reply. A week had passed. Figured she ghosted me at that point. Then she replies that she was away in Peru lol. We exchange a few texts over the following week. But she was horrible at replying, at best once a day at like 10pm lol. So I eventually ask her on a date so that this doesn't drag out for no reason. I was surprised she agreed. She sounded excited. It was supposed to be on a Wednesday evening. Then that Tuesday night she texts me to reschedule because she is feeling sick. On Wednesday she texted me that she thinks it's strep. She didn't reply to my last message after that. Then a few days pass, I ask her how she is feeling. No reply ever. She ghosted me. 😑

I know! I'm waiting to binge it all at once

Apu: You could always keep exploring meeting people in the real world lol 
TRYING IS THE FIRST STEP TO FAILURE. YOU NEED TO JUST SUCCEED.

Icky Vicki .. #neverforget 

Yeah well one Rutgers person is enough for a lifetime so you're welcome 

Are you 100% sure she's not just...dead

Apu: First episode was solid, will try to 2 later this weekend, it's a five episode season 
Me: I'm even worse at that then using the apps
So you're saying I should stop trying completely, then I'll never fail?

Ah true! Well she ghosted me, so no worries about hearing about her again lol

You should feel lucky you get that spot in my life

How would I ever know? More like I'm dead to her though

That's good to know. 5 is lame! 1 episode per week?

Had a dry spell on matches. Matched with a girl today. I can already smell the ghost heading my way lol

Apu: I did your little draft trick to try to keep you top of inbox but you got pushed down within the day lol so congrats you've been pinned lol
Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: Here's an app update from the other day
Apu: You might have more luck in real life lol
Yes, just give up all together and pay the man however much they charge and if I ask for money, don't think, just give 

I am lucky you are in my life.. who else would explore meth ideas on govt clearance 😏

You could read the obituaries every day for a year.. eventually you'll get an update 

Apu: I think it's an episode a week, not sure yet but we'll see.. ep 2 was a solid follow u0
Apu: I think you match sooooo much more than I do 
Apu: Also if you're home Wed, small friendsgiving at my house, please come by 👍🏾
Me: Mr popular over here lol
Lol I wonder why they think that. Government is more plausible. 
No wonder why hinge isn't working out well for you, your texting is pretty poor. It contains mistakes. 

I don't know what you are basing this real life thing on

But you aren't the man

Well I let you explore those ideas haha. They already know everything about me, so one text conversation doesn't change anything. 

Hiw do I know I'm reading the right paper to catch her obituary?

1 per week would make sense.

I was getting like 1 match per month. It only picked up since October. How often are you matching?

I'm leaving work a little after 12pm on Wednesday. No clue when I'll get home lol

Apu: It's all work chats n client b.s. lol of like the four people and you that I regularly text with, they also get bumped 🤣
Apu: I'm looking for a grmmar Nazi so the woman who corrects me gets a ring 
Well I imagine your parents met in real life, as did mine and many others..maybe give it a whirl lol

I'm a man, start small .. I'll take a few hundred 

But they don't know everything about me 😏.. actually they probably do

I assume you would just read all of them? There's only so many papers that do obituaries, and if she's worth your time, she's probably worth an obituary

I'm at like 2 or 3 a month but in the last three months I've gone on like 2 dates with actual people lol I also am pretty lazy about it all together

If you get home and you're not too tired .. we start at 630 🥳

Me: Am I the only one pinned?
You're really narrowing your search lol. So your assumption is that a grammar Nazi will like correcting people and thus will have no problem with your bad grammar because they get the chance to correct you? Are you sure that your bad grammar wouldn't be a turn off to a grammar Nazi?

Our parents didn't have any other way to meet than in person lol. I meant I don't what you're basing it on me being good at the real life thing. 

A man is not the same as the man

They most likely do lol

If she's already dead, then I probably have already missed that obituary. 

That's not horrible. But at least you are going on dates. I've only gone on one date since I started on these apps 😑

Would I be the token white guy?

Apu: You and two others lol 
I'm not here to settle Trevor. And I've been told women like being in charge so I'm giving them the opportunity to do so 😊 see how wonderful and giving I am, people don't understand

Speak for your parents.. my parents could've went the arranged route lol online dating before online dating .. they could've gotten a sheet of paper with basic info and one photo and been like, yeah that one, let's meet lol I'm guessing the last few women you've had a relationship with were not through hinge 

But the man can be a man, so lets say I'm a man who happens to be the man 

Well it's not that far gone... I'm sure you can track down a few old newspapers .. get investigative, become Bob Woodward but for stalking 

I'm a lot less shameful I think lol I have such low expectations for success so I just say whatever.. volume game 

You'd be the straight American token white guy lol there will be 2 Asians 2 whites 2 Indians 

Me: 😑
You shouldn't settle. I'm just not convinced your thought process is going to produce the results you are hoping for. 

Arranged marriage is not the same as online dating. Arranged marriage you don't have a choice. 
Yeah obviously none of my previous relationships were through online dating. But those were during previous stages in life where it was easier to meet people.

I know you're not the man though. Or at least not the man in the sense that you were referencing it lol

I feel like it's harder nowadays to track down old newspapers because digital news has become so much more popular. 

So I need to lower my standards?

I would be the third white? I would be the second white guy?

Me: Want me to stop by?
Apu: Open door policy for you booboo
Me: Heading up now
Apu: Ford vs Ferrari tonight 
Me: When and where?
Apu: 710? 
Apu: You received a picture.
Me: I'm getting dinner with my gma around 6:30 at Chimney Rock. So it looks like only one of the later ones would work
Apu: I'm cool with that if you are 

Me: Yeah. We can hangout before the movie when I get back from dinner
Apu: And at 945 or 1030 at Manville?
Me: Manville only has 10:30
Apu: That was supposed to say amc lol
Me: 9:45 is probably better since it's a long movie. Is amc more expensive though?
Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: 30 bucks
Apu: 15 each
Me: I never go to the movies. Is $15 normal nowadays?
Apu: Yeah that's about right.. kinda surprised .. thought it be 18 cause amc is more expensive
Me: Then AMC works for me
Apu: You received a picture.
Me: 👍
Me: Heading home
Apu: Cool lmk when you get back .. we going to the bell
Me: 👍
Me: Home now
Apu: Gimme like 10
Me: 👍
Apu: Here
Me: You sent a picture.
Me: Lol
Apu: https://twitter.com/SunChelsea/status/1204061477273047042?s=19
Me: He can do whatever he wants
Me: Did you forget our long convo?
Apu: Work event has me on a hiatus so will write long form on Monday 🤣
Me: Work is more important than me? 😞
Apu: At this current moment... Only just 
Me: That's disappointing
Apu: Event done, reporting done, what have I missed in your life 
Me: You missed everything. You missed my entire life. I'm in purgatory now. 
Apu: If only we did that meth deal
Me: I know! I'm rolling over in my grave thinking about the lost opportunity 
Apu: How did you die 
Me: Lonely and poor
Apu: To clarify, not the state of death, cause of death
Me: Overdosed on Taco Bell
Apu: At least make it believable 
Me: You missed a lot in my life. You're jealous that you missed out on that portion that you would've loved to be a part of
Apu: SUCH. AS.
Me: I think the most important to you is the period where I started eating a lot of taco bell
Apu: Gtfo
Me: Fine. Don't believe me
Apu: I need proof
Me: Proof that I died from Taco Bell?
Apu: Receipt  that you purchased 
Me: I'm in purgatory. I don't have that on me
Apu: You have your memory, give me your credit card account info and I'll check 
Me: I ordered one of everything. 
Apu: I know the exact amount so I'll be fine 
Me: You already know the exact cost of that?
Apu: Depending on the taco Bell ..
Me: Do you know it only for vegetarian options?
You need this
https://www.thetileapp.com/en-us/store/tiles/pro

Apu: Everything can be vegetarian so mostly the price is the same
Now that I moved I'm actually well put together cause I only have like five things to worry about 😂

Me: Yeah but some of them are pointless as vegetarian lol. How do you know the cost of one of everything on the menu?
How did the move go? What 5 things?

Apu: I'm telling you, replace e everything with black beans and it's a new world 
Apu: I did the math awehile ago, I imagine it's about the same 
Move went well, been there for a bit and it's great to sleep in and I spent today exploring around and now sitting at a nets game cause I was in the area so all good.

Phone, laptop, charger, for both, and a notebook.. everything else I can replace no problem lll

Me: I love black beans. But a new world doesn't automatically mean it's a better one. 
You doing the math is like me reading Chinese 

Glad to hear that. You can go to a lot of Nets games now if you want. 

Oh I thought you were talking about things like family and such, not items lol

Apu: Trust me, it's a world worth experiencing 😘 just for 30 minutes before the bathroom gets you 
I didn't know you knew Chinese.... But that doesn't surprise me either 

Yeah glad I've been seeing wins and exploring a bit more. Have you fully explored DC by now? 

Yeah those things are essential too I guess 😅

Me: I wouldn't get one of everything as veggie before trying a few veggie items separately. The bathroom always gets you. But somehow you made it through the movie without needing the bathroom. 
I don't know Chinese....

Nope. Haven't explored much at all

Apu: You should start with the crunch wrap supreme and work your way from there 
I'm generally good on eating before a movie, my body knows to wait till I'm five minutes from home 

You probably know some Chinese 

Apu: Are you home?mm
Me: For everything that has meat that you make veggie, you just ask to replace meat with black beans?
I don't know if it's impressive or a sign of how much Taco Bell you've eaten lol

None at all

I am home

Apu: Yep, it's that simple! Being a vegetarian is easy at tbell
I'm going to go with impressive. Most people trian their bodies for strength or agility but not me, I focus on effective bowel movements 

Apu: How long are you home for? 
Me: Yeah easy at taco Bell. But elsewhere, good luck. 
Impressive might be a stretch. But Kee has a lot to learn from you. 

I head back Thursday

Apu: That's why it's the best 🥳
I take my time when I am home though, no reason to rush 

Watcha doing tomorrow 

Me: The best sounds like a stretch. 
Kee takes his time. I'm guessing you get in and out. 

We have family over all day. How about you?

Apu: It's the best, trust me, beats any meal you could ever have 
I'm 99% sure I'm worse...I REALLY take my time 

I don't have anything for tomorrow, everyone is here now for Xmas Eve and nothing day of 

Apu: Come see me before you leave 😘
Me: A surf n turf easily beats that lol
So growing up, you lied this entire time? Do I even know you?

Having no plans wouldn't be so bad lol

Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: Definitely not as cheesy as Taco Bell
I haven't lied... I just never corrected your assumptions! Sin of omission

Since I woke up an hour ago, yeah I feel pretty good lol might movie marathon of favorites 

COME SEE ME 

Me: Well it's not cheesy at all so of course taco Bell is cheesier lol
At first I was thinking it was lying by omission. But we used to team up against Kee on this. You definitely said stuff along the lines that you would try to get in and out

How did you sleep in that late? What movies did you watch other than Anchorman?

Lunch?

Apu: Why eat anything else? 
Does he take a long time, yes, but am I equally guilty? Of course I am. I can't help that no one took notice 🤣

Last night we were done at like 230 and I slept till like 11am lol I did The Firm, The Talented Mr Ripley,  and was going to start Joker but ended up going out to watch Lakers/clippers and just met some crazy french/Japanese dude and his friends lol 

We could do lunch, when works? 1230?

Me: Based on that logic, just go with Mac n cheese
We couldn't notice because you are always late. You never say why you are late

If I go to bed that late, my body still wakes me up by 8am. So no Anchorman? How do you know that dude?

How about 12?

Apu: Yes to 12
Me: 👍
Apu: Coming down now 
Apu: https://youtu.be/lJ33ht2OW3M
Me: That was a good video
Me: You've ignored our long convo from around Thanksgiving 
Apu: Cause I was seeing you the next day 😃
Mac n Cheese needs support to go with it, it's a side, not a meal

I AM NOT ALWAYS LATE. SUCH NONSENSE. 

I do wake up but immediately go back to bed, I'm enjoying the holidays lol

No anchorman, it's moved from daily viewings to special moments ❤️

We just met him randomly while playing pool and talked about how America is the worst lol

Me: So you continue to ignore it? Lol
Mac n cheese is easily an entree. 

The fact that you had to tell proves that I'm right. 

Go back to bed as in back to sleep?

Why the move to special moments?

America being the worst is a little extreme. Worse than North Korea? US does need a lot of change though

Apu: No I just don't need to respond it immediately since we don't continue discussion in person lol 
It's an entree if it's baked Mac n cheese. Regular Mac n cheese is a side.

I wasn't late when I saw you! I was actually early 

Yeah sometimes I'll go back to bed, other times I'll just lay around and watch YouTube before willing myself up 

You lose appreciation for greatness if you see it alot..it's why I'm single, don't want to spoil a woman 

Well the way he was talking about it, I needed to bring his ass down to earth but yes, it's not NK and probably like 40-50 other countries 

Me: Yeah an immediate response is not necessary but if you don't respond soon, you will forget to ever respond. 
What makes that the differentiator?

A broken clock is right twice a day. 

Saturdays are the only lazy mornings I have each week. I'll wake up and stay in bed to watch Netflix. What do you watch on YouTube?

I understand not wanting to reduce it's greatness. I don't think that explains why you are single lol. 

You did the right thing by bringing him back to earth. Being similar to 40-50 other countries should not be how it is given that we are one of the wealthiest countries, if not the wealthiest

Me: Do you ever check Snapchat? Lol
Apu: You could apply for that nats job 🤣
I do the draft trick and now I remember a bit sooner 

Because if it's watery, it's not really a meal, bake it and it's filling. 

The odds of a broken clock being right twice are about as accurate as my math skills so really, I'll take it 

Whatever the algo suggests lol I have subscriptions to things but otherwise, I'm just easing my morning, what about you? 

it's not why I'm single, but the principle is. I'm just to much of a good thing so I don't want to spoil anyone 

I agree we should be better in many respects but the system is the system. We aren't leading in anything worth our wealth: innovation, health, education, etc. But we sure can lock up alot of people

Me: I really could. But it lists that you should have a passion for baseball and data analysis. I don't have a passion for either lol
See what happens when you listen to me. Your life is better. 

You know if you keep it on the stove longer, it'll be less watery. If you're not full, eat more lol

A broken clock is right infinitely more than you are ever early. 

I never watch YouTube. I always have a show in my queue so it's not a hard decision in what to watch

Is that what all of your ex's would say? That you're too much of a good thing? If you're too much of a good thing, then what am I?

The system should be able to be changed though. Maybe that's too optimistic or idealistic. We are experts at locking people up, and at killing people. Just what everyone wants to be proud of 😑

Me: What are your thoughts on the poster?
Apu: I'm sure you could swing a passion for either and take a massive paycut for it lol what would you put for passions 
Obviously in this case it didn't work since the draft got pushed down 

Oh I rarely wake up to watch a show I'm committed too. I like something mindless or simple to start my low power brain 

I think any woman I've had a semi serious relationship with would classify me as, he REALLY think he's wonderful 😇 I have no idea what you are, maybe the right balance of cynicism and sarcasm? 

System changes if enough people in power realize. As we are currently seeing, history repeats 

I don't remember the poster now but I'm sure it was wonderful 🙂or horrific 

Me: I don't have passions per say. I want to do programming. At this point, just something engineering or science. I'll live without it being structural engineering related. 
How did the draft get pushed down if I'm pinned?

There are plenty of shows that are mindless lol

Lol but they wouldn't say that they think you are really wonderful?
I don't know if I should take that as a compliment lol

Yeah like corporations are going to want to make change that doesn't benefit them. Corporations are the real power in the US, aside from the billionaires. 

It was a Rick and Morty poster. Remember now? Ironically the poster references the episode where they can't remember who is real

Apu: I'm sure you have passion for something? Even if it's not in this field
I took you off pin cause I was being good lol back ontop you go 

The show might be but it's a longer commitment, especially if it's entertaining. Like I'd rather do 5 minutes of really amusing than 22 minutes of kinda ok

I have zero clue now that I think about what an ex or old fling might say. I don't think anyone hates me but I dont talk to any of them anymore so I don't think there's anything they would say that would be just indifference. 

I'd take it as a compliment

I do remember that poster now and loved it so I approve either way 

Me: I like things and enjoy things, but I wouldn't call them passions. Passion is the far end of the spectrum. 
I'm disappointed in you. 

You need to find better shows. Also, with Netflix, you don't have to worry about losing your place. 

You must have some idea what they would say based on how it was right before it ended. It's impossible to know what they'd say after all of this time has passed. I'm saying ignore this passing of time. I know what mine would say or at least along what lines they would say. 

Whatever you say. You're "really wonderful" but I'm "cynicism and sarcasm"?

I figured you would love it lol. Got it cheap at 5 below like 2 years ago. Forgot about it til now. Still need to hang it

Apu: What would you say constitutes a passion? 
Well join the line, you're probably right between my third uncle and my intro to sociology teacher 

Eh in 5 minutes, it can jog my mind to think of something interesting in the morning versus the commitment of 22 minutes for a good story but that's kinda it.

Yeah but most ended in such a non dramatic way so I don't think it's anything interesting. Maybe something along the lines of, we had fun but it ran it's course and it's over. I don't think anyone would speak poorly or say I was selfish or mean or something similar. I'm sure your experience is probably the same though? 

Some people find cyncism and sarcastic wonderful, like me 😘

Make sure to put it in a fancy painting 

Me: Something more than how if feel for anything that I currently enjoy. 
So what level of disappointment is that in terms I understand? So not that disappointed?

Yeah but the 22 minutes is part of something bigger. There's more value there most likely. 

Well I ended it with 3 of the 4 girls. Those 3 wanted to get back together. Those break ups ended with them in tears. The 4th one broke up with me. But after the fact, I realized it wasn't going to last because she was super immature. I also realized how many issues I had with her. So I would've broken up with her eventually but she beat me to the punch. 

Then I'll take it lol

Are you going to pay for that fancy frame for me? Do you know how expensive nice frames are? Lol

Apu: Well have you tried to find anything more than what you currently feel? 
I would imagine, something like, the Yankees signing Carlos Beltran, way to late, had some nice moments, but ultimately wish it was much earlier lol 

Depends how you derive value? I think for pure entertainment you're probably right but just to wake myself up, five minutes where I might watch something educational or unique, that's more valuable, especially if it can be bite size enough that if it's engaging, I can dig and learn more later on. 

Well they're all emotional but do any of them have alot of negative things to say at this point? That would be hard to imagine 

I'm sure you can get a frame at some thrift store on the cheap 

Me: Any suggestions? Doing steel bridge team at PSU was probably the closest thing to a passion that I've ever done
Lol

True. I guess you tend towards instant gratification whereas I tend to push it off though

Well yeah it's impossible to know what they think now but I was going based off what they thought just before / just after breaking up. 

Yeah probably. I was just going to get a cheap frame off Amazon lol

Apu: I mean you just gotta go out and start doing stuff and see what you like. Or just take something you already like and explode it.. like baseball and analytics 😏
I think there's a balance of, I know what I'm getting from this so is it worth the wait? Some things I don't mind waiting longer for but unless a show is truly compelling, which is rare, there's some stuff worth skipping and you don't really need it for payoff. Mandolorian is a good example. Good show but like 2 of the 8 episodes are filler. Why even bother when ten minutes in you can tell? Just skip some of the standard scenes and get to something that moves the plot forward. That said, shows like Rick and Morty, which is so dense all the time, hard to find a way to skip without missing something clever or funny. 

Seems unfair to go off an extremely emotional moment as a way to say how they feel, no? 

Thrift store it! Amazon will always be there but it's an excuse to go out and do something while possibly getting something 

Me: If I don't have any ideas of what to try, then I can't just go out and try stuff. I can't remember the last time I watched a baseball game. I don't want to be crunching numbers in an Excel spreadsheet. 
I understand what you're saying. But there is always going to be filler in shows. If shows were just highlight reels, that wouldn't be as enjoyable. There's no suspension of disbelief. Rick and Morty is mostly filler if you consider filler to be anything that doesn't advance the plot.  Yeah there are subplots within each episode, but the first 4 episodes of this season did not advance any sort of larger plot. 

Well I said just before / just after. Nothing changed about them before, during, or after the break up. There was nothing that indicated their feelings towards me changed. That emotional moment is where you are both expressing how you feel so I think it's the perfect time period to based it on. I'm not saying that's how they feel today. 

It's an excuse to get away from my roommate lol

Apu: Seems like the best time for try stuff is when you don't have an idea. Just go and do it! Worse comes to worse, you wasted an hour or so, best case, you found something new in life, seems like an easy choice lol 
I think there's a choice where you realize you need filler for some other character or plot point versus just having it to meet your runtime. Breaking bad is a good example because the shows plot is actually pretty short but they extend alot of scenes with good dialogue and performance. If it's not moving the plot, it's giving valuable character info, in a not so cliche way, which is usually shoe horning some romance or tension that doesn't need to be there at that minute. Basically if you need filler for runtime, make it interesting lol Rick and Morty do it well because they'll throw stuff in that's still funny or amusing, like the whole snake sequence in the last episode.

I think you can reasonably conclude how someone feels after a bit because you can probably look back and figure out how you handled it and take the assumption that they understand why. Not saying they then agree and are happy about it, but having a general feeling of content is probably the best thing. 

Apu: He still being difficult? 
Me: Give me something new to try and I'll try it. 
Character development is not necessarily filler. It helps develop the story. For Rick and Morty I don't see most of it as filler though. The show is mostly stand alone episodes. It's similar to HIMYM in the sense that most of the episodes are essentially stand alone. But there can be character building and the building of an over arching plot that can carry across several episodes or  across an entire season or across several seasons. Yeah that snake sequence is filler in a sense but it still related to that episode. It's not like filler that family Guy uses where they make a random joke and squeeze in a scene related to that joke. 

Yeah looking back you may gain a different understanding of things from the past because you've had new experiences that will change your perspective on things. I still stand by what I said. Well of course you at least want a feeling of content. 

He's just annoying. I've given up on trying to change him. He can't handle things well

Apu: Painting, write a book, crocheting, web design, fantasy sports, photography, carpentry or just DIY stuff, volunteering for various non profits to find a cause that drives you like water or education, learn an instrument
It's not necessarily filler but after a certain point, you get where the Character is going unless they're just rare archetype that hasn't been explored. 

Not everyone wants content though, some people who either ended poorly or from an unforseen circumstance might want to hold on to a feeling in a stronger way than just the contentness. 

Well how many more months you stuck with him 

Me: Painting: never liked art class.  Writing a book: I hate writing. 
Crocheting: I'd rather carve wood. 
Web design: I'm currently learning coding. 
Fantasy sports: I already get enough sports. 
Photography: refer back to painting. 
Carpentry: kind of limited with access to that stuff. 
Volunteering: I already volunteer through Habitat for Humanity. 
Learn an instrument: I hated being in band in middle school. Also I have no rhythm. 

I thought we were talking about passions related to work. Now we are talking about hobbies? I do need a hobby too I guess. 

True. Like Jerry's character is already pinned down unless they completely change directions with him. 

That's why I said "at least"

Through October. Well he just told me that he and his gf are considering moving in together after our lease ends.

Apu: I'm getting a sense that you don't like creative hobbies lol how about something like with pets or a different type of health routine like boxing.   Or try learning a new language? I'm v close to finalizing my Italy trip so I'm using Duolingo to get the basics down. You can make money with hobbies lol it can be helpful professionally or just because you just like it. 
Yeah aside some small variation where he weirdly succeeds, Rick nails him out when he tries to do something over his ability.

I don't think that's at least though, some people do well under adversity. Brings out the best in them.

Maybe encourage them to move in sooner so he can start subleasing sooner 🤣

Me: Well I'm not creative in the traditional sense. Are you really that surprised I don't like creative hobbies? I thought you would've known that by now. What hobby involves pets other than volunteering? Boxing is a bad idea with my elbow. If my elbow wasn't holding me back, I would play more tennis and volleyball. I would also workout more. It would be nice to learn another language, or at least get back to fluent in Spanish. But if I'm going to be spending time learning stuff, I should be focusing on coding. What hobbies can make me money?
The whole dynamic of the show would be weird if that wasn't the case. 

I see content as like a baseline of happiness. If adversity makes someone happy, then I would see that as better than content. 

That would be nice. But it's a fine line to tread. If you start pushing too hard or too soon or even at all, then it might all fall apart. Then I'm back to being stuck with him. I know I don't necessarily have to renew with him regardless though.

Apu: Well I'm not too surprised but also, maybe you would enjoy the challenge of a hobby you'd initially rejected but now interested in, since you enjoy being challenged. 
Dog walking? Or better still, dog training. Or taxidermy. 

Yeah I guess until your elbow changes, some activities are out. But language seems like a good one to pickup. I imagine coding can eventually make you $ part time but I still think it can just be something you enjoy. You could do board games or card games also. I just did that last night at some Meetup and I realized how much I enjoy some of them, especially the more social ones like Cards Against Humanity or Exploding kittens. 

Eh I trust that if they changed his character, they would be able to make it interesting. 

That's a fair POV for being content. 

I mean you're stuck with him either way so might as well go for it. Or maybe you move and sublet in and out 

Me: I enjoy being challenged. But those things are not a challenge that I enjoy. 
Dog walking is not a hobby. You do it because you have a dog, or it's a job. I can't train a dog lol. You'd really support taxidermy? That's one of the last things I'd expect you to support. 

Language is a good one but I don't have the motivation for it unless I have a trip coming up to use it. I plan on making coding my full time job. I would play board games more often but that requires friends. The meetups have been poor lately. 

I don't doubt that they would make it interesting. 

Thank you. I'm hardly ever content or better with anything, which has its pros and cons. 

I'm in a good spot with managing some zen with him right now. So I'm not trying to throw that off balance. He still annoys the hell out of me but I'm getting better at coping

Apu: So what types of challenges do you enjoy? 
I guess you now have a side job as a dog walker then, and it's an easy excuse to meet women 😏

Idk shit about taxidermy or how it works, it's just something related to animals lol 

I guess you need to start planning a trip soon, or just make traveling a hobby, even if it's local. 

Start your own Meetup then? Give it a few weeks and if not enough people commit, oh well but at least you took control of it 

Yeah it's good not to settle but feel like contentness should be a baseline for you no? 

Sounds like your roommate is giving you Stockholm syndrome

Me: Problem solving, physical / athletic. 
I'd probably do tutoring as a side job. Much more lucrative and more aligned with my interests. 

You aren't bothered by animals being stuffed and put on display for anything other than educational purposes?

Well I booked a trip to San Fran / Yosemite. 

Too much effort to organize a Meetup lol

I want to be at least content, but I haven't achieved it, or at least not since I've moved to DC. 

That's one way to look at it, but I don't think that's the case lol

Apu: I mean anything can be problem solving? Guess with your elbow some specific physical things aren't available. 
So why don't you? Trevortutors.com 😃

Idk why anyone does taxidermy. Objectively it seems stupid and obscene but I assume it exists for some reason? Is it educational? 

YOU GOT TIME HOMIE. GO FOR IT. 

Maybe it's time to come back 😉 or maybe just a different city all together, not everyone is of the same vibe. 

Me: Does painting a landscape really involve problem solving? I played volleyball last night for the first time in a few months. Did I tell you I also joined a dodgeball league?

My roommate's gf tutors on the side because she is a teacher. She said they generally need physics tutors. I said I might consider it. That was over a month ago. I can talk to her again about it.  

Idk why either. The only educational reason I've seen for taxidermy is museums. I recently went to the Smithsonian Natural History Museum. There were a lot of taxidermied animals. 

What do I have time for? Lol

I would do another city before moving to NYC. Most likely it would mean moving further away. Sorry 😞

Apu: Depends on the problem? Painting can be soothing so if you're feeling anxious, yes you solved a problem. 
You did not but these all seem like awful things for your elbow lol I was thinking about doing that today 🤣 

Might as well get something out of the roommate, even tangentially through his gf 

I guess preservation but it still seems unnecessary. Any exhibits worth seeing at the Smithsonian? Haven't been in a few years.

You can make time, in sure 16 hours a day isn't fully taken up.

If you're going to leave me, LEAVE ME. FUCK OFF TO TANZANIA 

Me: The act of finding a hobby is problem solving. But the hobby itself does not involve problem solving. Not that my hobby necessarily needs to involve problem solving. 

Volleyball has felt fine on my elbow, but dodgeball is a completely different story. Oddly enough dodgeball is hosted at the gymnasium that's part of a church lol. We play Thursday evenings. 1/16 was the first week. We didn't have matches last week for whatever reason. You play as many rounds as you can within 30 minutes and the team that wins the most rounds in that time wins the match. You play against the same team for that time. It's 6v6 but the teams are larger than 6 people. So each round has different people from each of the two teams. I only played 2 rounds. But I throw the ball a decent amount and only with my injured arm despite it hurting the whole time. I paid the price of not being able to use my right arm for over a week. You were thinking about joining a dodgeball league?

Yeah she's at least relatively normal. Not sure how she puts up with him though. 

It is unnecessary. Pictures would've don't just fine lol. It's all worth seeing. There was some cool stuff. I was hoping for a big t-rex skeleton like in Night at the Museum, but there was a taxidermied elephant instead. 

What am I making time for?

We aren't exactly in the same location right now lol

Apu: I really do think your hobby is going to be finding a hobby 🤣
I'm glad Jesus healed you enough to play dodgeball on his land, very magnanimous. But that setup seems kinda short, 30 minutes for 6v6 and 2 rounds, not nearly enough time lol

I'm thinking about it as something to stay relatively healthy, I did soccer on Wednesday for 1.5 hours and the last ten minutes I think I strained my calf, woops lol shoulda stretched. I just don't like the gym enough so I'd rather do 5 activities for an hour a day than an hour at the gym. Dodgeball, soccer, light running, eventually outdoor tennis. 

We're all looking for that special someone to put up with us.

I'm sure if I talked with one of them they'd have some point, not sure if it's convincing or not but their must be something to it for such a large Industry to have a purpose. 

Whatever your hobby is lol make time for that, or relationships or new friends or whatever 

Yeah this is the minimum distance, far enough that a trip would require a weekend, close enough that I might surprise you one wknd

Me: It does look that way, but damn that would be a terrible hobby lol
Jesus did shit for my elbow lol. Yeah 30 minutes is short but you fit as many rounds in as you can in 30 minutes. We have like 14 people on our team. We played like 13 rounds. I chose to only play in 2 rounds. My arm would've flown off with the ball I was trying to throw if I played any more rounds that night lol. 

Yeah you don't have to go to the gym to stay healthy. But you do need activity that is more exerting than dodgeball. Yeah it is better for your health than sitting around watching TV. But everything is relative and everyone has to start somewhere. I applaud you for taking initiative to be more active. I guess I'm just used to really intense forms of activity for "working out".

Yes we are! I am supposed to go on a date this week :)

There is probably more of a point than we are seeing. If the animal died of natural causes, than I have no problem with a taxidermied animal. I just picture a taxidermied tiger being the result of poachers, which is the opposite of what we want. 

I've been trying to put more time into learning Java. But Netflix gets really distracting lol. I had my yearly review yesterday with my boss. I was pretty open about pursuing software development. 

True. Can't argue with that

Me: https://reddit.app.link/3NbnAFCAJ3
Apu: Or alternatively, it's a great hobby cause it means you try everything, which is kinda the essence of living lol 
Jesus did shit for my elbow, this should be on your tombstone lol I guess if 2 is what you can do, 30 minutes is a irrelevant but hopefully you can get your moneys worth. 

I appreciate your applause, it might be the first and last time I get an applause from you lol but I don't get why it needs to be intense? If you jog for 5 miles, that's a great workout versus say 1 mile of just running straight.

WHATS HER NAME?

Yeah the aspect of killing them just to prop them up is fucking stupid but I assume some of it is, they're dying and here's a painless process. Still, it's still a weird thing to want to do it.

What did your boss say?

To one up your Rick and Morty Reddit, here's a Rick and Morty tweet for tonight: https://twitter.com/RickandMorty/status/1224029854766637066?s=19

Me: Yeah it doesn't sound so bad when you put it that way lol
Well I don't think I'd want to be buried. So I guess I'll have it put on my urn lol. Guess I need to start my will to add that as the first line lol. 
I'm not going to play dodgeball anymore. My elbow was out of commission for 2 weeks. So do you consider a team t-shirt and playing two rounds my money's worth?

I doubt it's the first time and I doubt it'll be the last. People that try to better themselves and stay consistent with it, regardless of where they are in the spectrum of ability or whatever it may be. That definitely deserves applause. I'm sorry if I haven't applauded you enough.  It needs to be intense for your level of fitness. You won't improve if you don't push yourself. What I need to do in order to feel like I got a good workout would seem really extreme to you because my base level of fitness is much higher. If you want to maintain a level of fitness, then that's fine. You don't necessarily have to push yourself. But for you, I don't think maintaining is the goal, which means you will need to push yourself. Jogging 5 miles at 5 mph vs running/sprinting 1 mile at 10mph is not the same type of workout. Running greater distance is an aerobic workout, whereas sprinting is an anaerobic workout. Both workouts can be beneficial but there would be different goals in mind with each one. 

Her name is Jessica. We haven't set at day yet. She also hasn't replied since Wednesday :(

Yeah it is really fucking weird. But it is something rednecks like to do lol

It's the second time I discussed the software development with my boss. So it's a continuing conversation which made it easier. The people there love me and are really impressed by me. There were several categories that I exceeded expectations. No categories that need improvement. So I pretty much told her that I enjoy the stuff I have been doing, but I don't see myself doing it long term, or at least not solely that like I have been doing. Also that i don't enjoy doing design work (pretty much punching numbers into spreadsheets). She is open to having me develop tools for our group, but she knows nothing in the area of software development so she is looking to me for guidance. But I have to look to management for guidance in what types of tools are needed since I don't have much experience with ship design. So she scheduled a meeting with me and a few other higher-ups in our group for 2/11 for me to present some of my ideas and also lay out my current capabilities. But in the end, it looks like summer at best for when I could expect any sort of work related to this because they would need to fit it within project work so that it is funded and not overhead. I think she got that sense that my foot is already partially out the door or could be easily out the door. She made a comment that she hopes that they can keep me there.

Me: You sent a GIF.
Apu: We live in a post truth world, make up your own bhllshit that makes you feel good 😃
What would you want to do? Donate your body to science? That's what I would do. What a lifetime of taco Bell does to the body is valuable information to change the world. 

Okay yeah it's probably not worth it if you can't move after. How much did it cost to play? Anything over 15 is probably not worth it lol

Ill take additional applause for my apparently once a week love for you lol 

Agreed it needs to have some intensity for change but to keep general healthiness, just staying active is a good start. Good point about different types of benefits, I was thinking generally but yeah its an important distinction.

Well that's not a good sign, any update since? 

Is taxidermy redneck? Is that a stereotype? 

Good. Shit. People are always impressed by you but even better lol I would guess that management would be happy to provide you tools and resources if it means the smart/impressive guy is joining their team. I would love to be in a room and see you present cause I can't picture it as someone who works in marketing and partnerships 

Me: If I wanted to escape reality, then I'd take drugs. 
Donating my body to science would be the ideal. If not, probably cremated. If it goes to science, then my family can still get an urn for me even if it's empty. Gotta have somewhere to write "Jesus did shit for my elbow"

The dodgeball league had cost $60. Definitely didn't get my money's worth. 

I don't think that deserves additional applause lol

Yeah staying active is a good start. But it's all relative. Being active for 30 minutes each week is better than 0 minutes. But there are guidelines for how much activity each person should get each week. From health.gov:

Me: You sent a picture.
Me: I think the guidelines should be more specific than "anything that gets your heart beating faster". But I guess that's better than nothing. 
Still no reply from her. I think she is a goner. 

My understanding is that it's pretty common for people that hunt to mount the kill that they are proud of, like deer heads. 

Thanks! Well not everyone is impressed by me otherwise I would've had more dates from the apps by now. I think now my boss is thinking we should throw Trevor a bone or he will leave. It seems like they value me, but I guess they see that this work could greatly benefit the team as a whole and across various future projects. I'll let you know how the meeting goes this Tuesday. The presentation will be so casual and informal that this would not be indicative of a typical presentation by me. My thesis defense is the one that you would have wanted to see.

Apu: Lol so I was showing someone fortnite on my phone for work and they saw the preview of the text comes through and read how you would take drugs and was like, he's going through stuff and then when I opened the emssage and was like oh I'll get back to it, they're like uhh he just wrote alot and I said it's normal and they didn't get it so I had to show them how we text 🤣
Apu: I think if you have a tombstone at least with what Jesus said, that would be enough. I never understood why cremation? We do it culturally but if you have no cultural reason and no belief of after life, why not just donate your body right ?I would only donate.
One fucking day cost 60??? Dude noooo that's so much lol 

I would still like additional applause though for responding same day

can't trust the government when it comes to that stuff, you know how I feel about them!!


Yeah she's gone, so on to the next or just ditch dating apps all together

Yeah I guess hunters are the key demographic, and weird historians 

I'll take an encore of your thesis but it still big deal you get to present the opportunity and get to control it 

Me: Hahahaha that person clearly doesn't know how to read because it's clear that I don't plan on taking drugs. But I guess it was out of context for them. People never understand this format of texting lol
But Jesus didn't say anything. I said that thing about Jesus. You don't need a cultural reason to want cremation. My gma wanted to be cremated. I plan on having my body donated but if for some reason no scientist will take it, then cremation would be the next option. 

The league had cost $60 dollars. But that's for playing over several weeks + playoffs. I only played one week because I couldn't handle the toll on my elbow. 

That is pretty impressive by your standards lol.

Yeah you can't trust the government with everything. But what aspect of that document that you can't trust? Lol

Yeah but there's no reason to ditch the apps. I can pursue other means while still being on the apps. Multi-pronged approach should be best, right?

Aren't all historians weird?

The encore probably won't happen lol. It is a big deal. Not everyone can say they get this type of opportunity as an entry level position and being there only a year. I'm not putting too much effort into it though. One of my coworkers in my office that will be joining the meeting told me that he has a lot of ideas. Some people in the meeting are in other offices. So I just need to show that I put some thought. But if they don't like my ideas, then I can blame it on inexperience in the field. I just need to show that I'm capable enough and willing to learn stuff I don't currently know.

Me: You sent a picture.
Apu: I've been told we're sociopaths but I dig it, you're the only person I do this with lol 
Jesus might've said it, can't be 100% certain he didn't, that's enough proof for me.

Why did she want to be cremated, or why would you as second choice? 

Okay for like 5-6 matches that's probably fair value, you just got unlucky 😢

It's good to set some low bars so you're always impressing in some way ;)

They keep the masses slow so they can't fight back obviously.

As long as you spend more time in person I think. I hit it off with some white girl that over an app idk I would've because I doubt the conversation would've flowed as well as it did.

Pantageli from the godfather wasn't weird, an amazing chef that knew to kill Hitler early. What a guy.

Gotta be more positive, whether it goes somewhere or not job wise. I think most people knowing you for a little bit can identify how capable you are, gotta keep pushing. 

Apu: DID YOU SAY YES. I'D BE FLATTERED
Me: We probably are sociopaths. Sociopaths probably don't realize that they are sociopaths. You dig that we are sociopaths or you dig this format of texting? You are bad at responding, so this format works for us. Also, 10 conversations at once is more interesting. 
It is possible that Jesus could have said it. But why would he talk about me, and especially my elbow.

I'm not sure of her reasons. My mom would probably know. I would be cremated as a second choice because being buried is stupid. It's a waste of space, and it's conceited. The land used for cemeteries would be better used as protected land where trees are planted and stuff. 

I wasn't unlucky. I was just blindly optimistic about the state of my elbow. I was unlucky about breaking my elbow in the first place. 

Well with a low enough of a bar, you will never be disappointed. 

How are they keeping them slow?

Well yeah hitting it off in person is what matters. So how did you meet this girl? Are you seeing her again?

Lol wasn't expecting a godfather reference. 

The meeting went well. We have a long list of ideas. I compiled them into a spreadsheet that I sent to my boss yesterday morning. We will see where this goes. 

First off, her name isn't spelled the same as yours. Second, she didn't swipe right on me. She was in my feed. Third, she is from Thailand, not India. Lastly, sorry to disappoint, but I swiped left on her

Apu: I can dig being a sociopath, I'm responsible amount it! I'd definitely responder quicker if we did one at a time lol but then it would be like 3 messages before we expanded. 
The Lord works in strange ways, maybe you're special to him

That's a fair reason, you could also do a viking funeral. 

Blindly optimistic is a good way of saying ignorant 🤪

By filling them full of fat, they're slow. Mentally, emotionally, otherwise. 

I met her at a Meetup and we just chatted for 3 hours about stuff and just kinda kept texting, it's casual lol

Godfather is wonderful, at least the first one. It's an all time rewatchable.

Going long is a good sign!!! They wouldn't waste their time otherwise. 

I'm aware of how my name is spelt but just you saying my name is enough 

Me: You may dig being a sociopath, but you don't dig texting coherently lol. It would take us forever to cover anything if we did one at a time. 
If you believe in that sort of thing. 

A viking funeral seems a bit excessive lol. 

Then I guess the orthopedist is ignorant as well because he has no clue about my elbow either lol. 

You have a choice in what you eat though. 

So you will just be friends with her and nothing more?

Watching it once was enough for me. 

Yeah and better than no ideas at all. 

So I just need to say your name to make you happy?

Apu: It's amazing through my incoherence you can figure it out 🤣 well hopefully we have forever and we just don't cover it all in ten years 
As a bit very religious man, I do think there is some big creator but that's just it, a creator, nothing beyond it. So his strange way was just creating the universe and then leaving it lol 

Your dead, why do you care if it's excessive lol

Time to see a different orthopedist then

Do we have a choice? Or is it a false choice..based on thousands of years of biological impulses and social norms??

Idk enough about her to make a judgement on it yet. She's cute and we get along and her name starts with A so ..it's on track lol 

You'd be surprised how relevant it seems now, and it's kinda funny knowing the ending and all the weird choices that happen to get there.

Say my name 3x and I might appear

Me: Well I have known you my whole life. So I've had plenty of time to figure it out lol. But you've had 27 years to learn English so far, and yet you still manage to be incoherent. What are we going to cover in 10 years?
You very religious? Lol. I can't prove that a creator doesn't exist. But evidence points to there being no creator. 

You could use that argument against anything after you are dead. If you are dead, why do you care if you are buried? Or if you are cremated? Or donated to science?

I have nothing to lose by getting a second opinion. 

What you typically eat might be guided by all of that. But in the end you have some level of choice in what you eat. 

What's her name? You said she is white. So I'm expecting an Amanda, or Ashley, or Ashlyn, or Alexis or some other basic white girl name. Don't you want a girl that has a name that ends with A as well?

I can't even remember it in detail and I watched it last year for the first time ever. Then I followed it up with the sequels. So it's all a blur. 

My boss wants to discuss one of the programming ideas this coming week and funding for it. So maybe I'll start on that way sooner than expected. 

So you are like Beetlejuice?

Apu: It's an evolving language so I just try to keep up with the latest trends, bae 😘
I assume we'll have life to talk about for ten years, though apparently it'll only be a week at a time as I try to keep up lol 

*Not very religious man lol how does evidence prove there isn't one? Isn't our existence proof something created the first two atoms for big bang? 

You're right about that too, so feel free to be EXCESSIVE with a viking funeral 

Did you end up getting one?

I'm an American, I only want full freedom of choice, consequences be damned!

BASIC? DO I FALL FOR BASIC WOMEN? And it's Alex lol so yes the A requirement is spot on

First one is worth it if you have free time considering how relevant it can be now

Well it was a week, so what happened lol unless it's tomorrow 

More like... Bloody Mary

Me: English is evolving, or your language is evolving? Or both?
Well I'd hope we'd have a lifetime to talk about whatever. I initially thought you meant that after ten years, we are going to stop talking, like one of us is going to die or something lol

I didn't say prove. I said points to, as in what we have so far is not definitive proof. Why does everything that exists have to be created by someone? Why can't all of the matter that exists always have existed? Why can't there have been multiple big bangs that then repeat cyclically, so all of the previous cycles collapsed on itself to form a singularity which then eventually resulted in the next big bang?

Of course I'm right. So I guess now I need to write a viking funeral into my will. 

I have not gotten the second opinion yet. I've been lazy about scheduling doctors appointments lately. 

Exactly! So now go get some Taco Bell to stick it to the Man!

Alexis isn't far off. So Alex, as in short for Alexandra? I'm going on a date tomorrow 😃

I guess I'll have to watch the first Godfather again. I'm busy watching Mr. Robot at the moment. 

We were supposed to discuss it. But she pushed it off until next week 😑

You are more like Beetlejuice than Bloody Mary lol

Apu: I'm evolving with the language, at the same speed, so I'll never really catch up .. and I accept that 
Worse comes to worse we can just talk about Rick and Morty for ten years since that's how long the show will be going 😬 I actually had the agreement with a friend that after 30 we're just going to stop being friends, i don't remember the context of why we set that up, but it's canon 

How does it point to there isn't one? I like your thinking cause it's an exceptionally Jain way of thinking and my dad and I have discussed it quite a bit. 

Let me save you time, give me 51% of your assets and I'll do the funeral, end to end .. you can trust high quality sea burning from me 

What have you been doing instead of fixing your body lol 

I actually have been good about not having taco Bell, too many choices around here that are quality, not worth getting the same thing repeatedly.. unlike Branchburg lol 

I actually didn't ask for her full name lol but fun fact, my conversations with her are starting to go towards how we communicate, 5 at once... Might be a problem lol 

How was the date? 

I gave up after s2, is it worth going further? 

More time to prep? Pushing probably is better than presenting when they don't care 

Is that good or bad? I never actually watched beetlejuice 

Me: So you are behind on English?
It would be tough to only talk about Rick and Morty for 10 years lol. You know 30 isn't far away?

If everything has always existed (the timeline is infinite in both directions), then there is no need for the idea of a creator. Nothing was created since it has always existed. So if there is a creator, then what did he create? I don't know anything about Jainism. How does this tie into Jain way of thinking?

Why do I need to give you 51% of my assets? Wouldn't writing it into my will be a guarantee? With you, I don't know if it would be a guarantee lol. 

I've been trying to keep up with the PT exercises. Haven't been doing them as much as I should though. However, those exercises feel more like they keep my elbow manageable rather than help fix it. I have been working out as well. It seems like part muscular issue. But it's the main nerve that runs through the elbow that has been giving me the issues. It's the nerve that is struck when you hit your funny bone. 

Yeah the beauty of living in a major city lol. What kind of places do you go to now?

Well I'll be waiting to hear her full name lol. The long texts might be a problem, might not be. But it better not slow down your response time with be hahaha. Several months ago, I matched with a girl and we were texting like 5 convos at once. She turned out to be crazy lol. 

Didn't go on the date. She asked to reschedule 😑. She wasn't feeling well. 

Yeah it's really good. Things get chaotic in season 3 lol. Need to figure out how I'm going to watch season 4 though. 

They care otherwise they wouldn't have put in the effort that they have so far. Also wouldn't be discussing funding if they didn't care. One guy just got back from a long vacation last week, so he was busy all week trying to catch up on work. 

Yeah I enjoy it. But I watched it growing up. So watching it now, it might be seen as not so great by others, but I have sort of a nostalgic-like appreciation for it. It's at least worth watching. I find it entertaining

Apu: I am..I'm still working on lit and it's new meaning .. kids be too difficult to keep up with 
Idk, there's alot to talk through for Rick n Morty, we could just discect frame by frame every detail .. that's probably at least 2 years to the most recent season 🤣 

I'm ready for 30 n more, golden age of being comfortable.. still got some milestones like home ownership to hit so be good to have that settled

I understand the idea of what you're saying, it somewhat infers there is no creator, just an omniscient being that oversees, doesn't impact. For Jainism, a core idea about purpose and reincarnation is that it's cycles, we've always been and will always be, related to science that matter can't be destroyed or created, just changed. My dad would definitely be better at explaining it lol 

I would just like to have that over anyone else in your life... Even if it's not the most valuable, it is the most quantity, you gave me the most things that could give me joy instead of a few things. So yes that guarantee would be helpful. You can have 51 of my stuff if I die in the next year.. lotta bobbleheads though.

What is a fix? Surgery? 

I've been trying random stuff, I got a list of places that I write down that when I walk by, if I like the look and ambiance, I'll consider it. 

I'm not sure I can get much slower, we might be getting to a point to limit to five conversations at once instead of currently 7 or so lol to be fair, people say we're crazy for doing this so maybe she's at the right level of crazy 

Getting some bad luck on rescheduling, might need to change it up a bit 

1337x.to is my go to for downloads but would recommend a VPN 

Well they might see your value and be giving you a bone for now 🤣 

Ironically I have Disney+ and yet any movie I see from childhood, I have no interest in rewatching, feel like I won't be able to enjoy once I realize how shit they probably we're 

Me: You don't understand the new meaning of "lit"? Lol
Well at the rate of this current conversation, it would take us 10 years to go frame by frame on Rick and Morty lol

You can be comfortable now, minus things like home ownership. What's so great about 30 and more?

You just changed the conversation there. Discussing the possible existence of a creator is a different from the existence of an omniscient that oversees but doesn't impact. The idea that everything has always existed in combination with all of science that we have so far, these are enough for me to not belief in a creator. The existence of an omniscient is again a completely different discussion. Yes, I have nothing to prove that an omniscient doesn't exist. But if they never interfere, then who the fuck cares if an omniscient exists. It changes nothing whether they exist or not at that point. Also, you can't use the argument that I have no proof that an omniscient doesn't exist as a way to support that one does exist. It's circular logic. And you can then use that logic to argue the existence of anything. I would be interested to hear your dad explain some of these Jainism core ideas. I feel like you are not doing the explanation justice. 

Wouldn't it make more sense for me to write you into my will so that you get enough money from my assets to pay for the viking funeral? I don't feel like inventorying my assets just to give you the most quantity, but not most value. 

A fix would be anything that would make my elbow feel good and healthy and normal again. I think I fixed it myself, or at least on track to. The muscles around my elbow are really tight. I realized I could loosen up those muscles with a wrench. That helped a lot. I'll just keep using that.

That's a good idea. I've done that with books, songs, movies, tv shows, etc. Not sure why I haven't done that with places around me.

Well until you stop responding for good, there is always slower lol. I think we've found our sweet spot. Well you know what they say about crazy vs hot for girls... Maybe you found the right balance with that girl lol

I don't think it's bad luck in terms of scheduling. She has ghosted me since then. She hasn't texted me since the day we were supposed to go on a date. It looks like she made up being sick as a reasonable excuse for backing out of the date. I just have bad luck with girls on the apps. How should I change things up?

I've given up on downloading like that. I realize I can watch season 4 on USAnetwork.com for free through my parents' FiOS account lol. 

Well they know that if they don't change things for me, I'll be gone very soon. And based on my yearly review, they want to keep me. 

Is Disney+ even worth it? I understand not wanting to rewatch kid movies that you saw growing up. But something like Beetlejuice is not a kids movie. And there are good movies from all decades. Not saying it's going to top your list of movies though

Apu: We'll get back to this but you doing alright ??
Me: Yeah. Why do you ask?
Apu: Could be sick for all I know
Me: Well I've had a cold for like over a month now. But other than that I'm healthy lolAre you doing alright?

Apu: .... 
Apu: Eh you're fine 
Me: I know. I just ran over 8 miles lol. But how about you?

Apu: Well..nevermind then Mr healthy 
Apu: I have a small tickle in my throat 
Me: Hahahahaha
Me: So you have the virus?
Apu: Seems like it no
Me: Good!
Apu: Back to regularly scheduled programming:
I understand that it's meant to be fun but I try not to get caught up in young people lingo as I am not one. I am but an old old old OLD soul 

I'm happy to get this started an analyze the first frame of the first episode for any hints 

Its why I said it somewhat infers and how some specific principles of Jainism is related to the thinking you have but yeah there are key differences. If omniscience exists, there are many forms for their purpose that doesn't necessarily mean impact. What if the omniscient being was someone / something that attained a level of existence and their thinking could be a guide for you? They don't interfere but just guide. And yeah he can explain it with more detail but it might also be a bit circular. 

Value is subjective, I could make the most quantity of things equal the most value and that's a challenge I'll take in your death. 

When you say with a wrench ..what do you mean 

For once I have a good idea for you to take

If I stop responding for good, I'm dead lol especially with you you 

Maybe ditch the apps and go somewhere else? Find other activities and get comfortable being solo

Most of my content that isn't downloaded is through my parents account lol just prime and Hulu are mine. Netflix is family, also use FiOS, and then torrenting. 

20+ seasons of Disney+ right now might be worth it lol especially since it's free with Verizon

Me: I don't get caught up in their lingo but I heard people using lit over 3 years ago lol
I don't have access to all of the episodes though. 

When you said "somewhat infers", I was taking it as you undercutting what I'm saying. If their thinking is past on to me to guide me, then they are having an impact and are interfering. If it's just understanding their way of thinking and they don't pass on anything and don't impact, then just write down their way of thinking as a book. Then their "existence" is again meaningless and doesn't matter if they exist. I'm guessing you will say this book would be comparable to religions. But I would see this book as modern day self-help book, rather than a religious text. They way religious people treat their religion is just crazy. If religious people treated their sacred texts and the ideas of the religion as comparable to a self-help book, then I would look at religion in a more positive way. Circular logic is fun lol

So do you want the money for my funeral or not? Also, how am I going to die before you?

Yeah I knew the wrench part would be confusing haha. So when I would go to PT and they would massage the muscles around my elbow to loosen them up, they would use these curved metal massaging tools plus lotion to help massage. It would allow them to provide more pressure than with just their fingers. I realized that I could mimic those tools by using the curved portion at the head of a wrench. So I applied lotion to my elbow and massaged the muscles there with the wrench similar to PT.

I'll give you that one. But it's not like I've never created lists like that before haha. I still have long list of books to read, music to download, etc.

Awww you would die before you stopped responding to me?

I went on a date on Friday :)
I am supposed to go on a date tomorrow with a different girl lol

Watchseries used to be good. So I used to have access to all shows. Now it's all virus laden links. So I just rely on Netflix and my parents' FiOS.

Yeah I'll have to look into Disney+. 

At work, I started working on that spreadsheet idea of mine on Friday. It got fully funded. So my boss is really trying to keep me I guess lol

Me: Could help but think of you after seeing this Bollywood gif compilation lol
https://gfycat.com/alienatedtepidheifer 

Me: https://gfycat.com/tintedunhappyhoopoe
Me: First one isn't correct for some reason lol
Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: ... Apparently our history is gone 😥😥😥😥
Me: How is it gone??????
Apu: IDK but that first clip seems reasonable 
Me: I still have all 3592 texts with you lol. 
How do you want to resolve this text history issue?

What about the second clip? Lol

Apu: At least your friends will know I'm equally insane, my friends won't 
What was the last discussion over lol

Apu: Second clip is less amusing 
Me: How will my friends know anything about either of our insanity?
A lot of different things

How is the second clip less amusing? It's a bunch of hilarious action scenes.

Me: Here is your last text:
Back to regularly scheduled programming:

I understand that it's meant to be fun but I try not to get caught up in young people lingo as I am not one. I am but an old old old OLD soul 

I'm happy to get this started an analyze the first frame of the first episode for any hints 

Its why I said it somewhat infers and how some specific principles of Jainism is related to the thinking you have but yeah there are key differences. If omniscience exists, there are many forms for their purpose that doesn't necessarily mean impact. What if the omniscient being was someone / something that attained a level of existence and their thinking could be a guide for you? They don't interfere but just guide. And yeah he can explain it with more detail but it might also be a bit circular. 

Value is subjective, I could make the most quantity of things equal the most value and that's a challenge I'll take in your death. 

When you say with a wrench ..what do you mean 

For once I have a good idea for you to take

If I stop responding for good, I'm dead lol especially with you you 

Maybe ditch the apps and go somewhere else? Find other activities and get comfortable being solo

Most of my content that isn't downloaded is through my parents account lol just prime and Hulu are mine. Netflix is family, also use FiOS, and then torrenting. 

20+ seasons of Disney+ right now might be worth it lol especially since it's free with Verizon

Me: Here is my reply:
I don't get caught up in their lingo but I heard people using lit over 3 years ago lol

I don't have access to all of the episodes though. 

When you said "somewhat infers", I was taking it as you undercutting what I'm saying. If their thinking is past on to me to guide me, then they are having an impact and are interfering. If it's just understanding their way of thinking and they don't pass on anything and don't impact, then just write down their way of thinking as a book. Then their "existence" is again meaningless and doesn't matter if they exist. I'm guessing you will say this book would be comparable to religions. But I would see this book as modern day self-help book, rather than a religious text. They way religious people treat their religion is just crazy. If religious people treated their sacred texts and the ideas of the religion as comparable to a self-help book, then I would look at religion in a more positive way. Circular logic is fun lol

So do you want the money for my funeral or not? Also, how am I going to die before you?

Yeah I knew the wrench part would be confusing haha. So when I would go to PT and they would massage the muscles around my elbow to loosen them up, they would use these curved metal massaging tools plus lotion to help massage. It would allow them to provide more pressure than with just their fingers. I realized that I could mimic those tools by using the curved portion at the head of a wrench. So I applied lotion to my elbow and massaged the muscles there with the wrench similar to PT.

I'll give you that one. But it's not like I've never created lists like that before haha. I still have long list of books to read, music to download, etc.

Awww you would die before you stopped responding to me?

I went on a date on Friday :)
I am supposed to go on a date tomorrow with a different girl lol

Watchseries used to be good. So I used to have access to all shows. Now it's all virus laden links. So I just rely on Netflix and my parents' FiOS.

Yeah I'll have to look into Disney+. 

At work, I started working on that spreadsheet idea of mine on Friday. It got fully funded. So my boss is really trying to keep me I guess lol

Apu: I assume you only talk about me and our ridiculous conversations 
Clearly I'm deprived of romantic love over action scenes 🙃

Guess I'm just 3 years away from figuring out what a tiktok is 

You can probably get them through Hulu if you have it, or you can use my account? I have it through Spotify 

It's not about passing down directly through some essence of thought, but as you say, about books and teachings. We have books n such but it's a bit more complicated in terms of what the text is in reference too. Much of the books are very interpretive, and told partially through stories vs specific facts based on their scientific understanding of the universe. What kinda book is comparable that would?

I'll TAKE money but I would like some items too! Idk, do you have a fever or cough or chest tightness? 

So you're taking you're engineering capabilities and applying it to PT? 

Read anything good recently? 

Update, I am alive. 

How did the date go? Been a bit since so assume you're doing virtual now? 

Just invest in a VPN and Netflix will explode, Canada and Netherlands are rich with u.s. shows 

Assuming your job is kinda safe at the moment 

Me: Of course! That's all we talk about!
I guess you and me both. 

You'll get there eventually. But there will be a million new things by then lol

A coworker gave me his Hulu account. So now I do have access to all of Rick and Morty. Finally!
I've been binge watching Seinfeld lol

I said self help books would probably be comparable. 

Hahaha what items do you want. I feel healthy. Sorry to disappoint you that I'm not sick lol. 

I'm just using my improvisation skills. A wrench is just what I happen to have that is the most similar to what PT used. 

Yeah. I recently read Factfullness by Hand Rosling. That was good. 

Well of course you're alive. Otherwise I wouldn't get this response. 

The date went well. Or at least I thought it did. She seemed interested. But now she's been non-responsive. Never had a chance for a second date. Every time I tried to get a second date, she always had something else going on. To be fair, the pandemic had been well underway during our first date. But I don't know what's going on. I'm still texting girls. But since we can't go on any dates, I don't try hard. I still respond promptly but if they stop texting, I'm like ehh whatever. How about you?

Maybe at some point. But I have plenty to watch for now without it. 

Yeah. Since I'm in defense, we are considered essential. I've been working out of my apartment though. How about your job?

Apu: Tbf, I would have no way of knowing what you tlak about with others so this seems like a reasonable guess
I always kinda knew tiktok was evil but there's been more articles since the shelter in place about how it's basically a spying tool so maybe I can keep my distance

Seinfeld seems like a good thing to watch right now, but Parasite and Portrait of a lady on fire is incredible too!!


But self help ranges right? Some are more instructional, do x then why then z, some are more thought provoking and asking specific questions to get you to come to the action you need to do. 

What do you think is your most valuable possession? I want that.

Engineering seems like it would need a good amount of improv skills overall

I guess virtual dating seems like the best way to go for now and video chats n such. The only girl I like, we chat semi regularly but it's kinda meh, I'm much better in person 😃

My job is ongoing, probably till August, then we'll see. Might be taking a paycut next month but the, back in jersey for now so no rent to pay (landlord let me out)

Me: I guess it was reasonable since you were right lol. Also, does everything have to be shortened to acronyms like tbf? Lol
I didn't know tiktok is a spying tool. But I do assume at this point, that if you want to use any form of mainstream technology you are going to sacrifice most of your privacy if not all, and you'll have little or no control of how much that technology invades your privacy because you agreed to the user agreement. 

I've never seen Seinfeld before so it's one of those shows that you kind of just have to watch, well at least for people that remember living during the 90s. I need to watch Parasite. Never hear of the other one though. What's so famous about that one?

I assume self help ranges. I never read self help. I just figured most were more instructional. 

My mind is my most valuable possession. But that's probably going to science assuming researchers will take it. Lol

At times engineering needs improvisation. But in practice, most of the time it's just punching numbers in spreadsheets. For me, it's like oh this beam doesn't work, then let's up it to the next size. It requires no thought a lot of the time. That's how it was in my previous job. My current job doesn't require much thought but it's not always punching numbers in spreadsheets but essentially the same. 

I'm not buying into the virtual dating. For a long distance relationship, you do what you can to make it work. But for starting a new relationship, it's all about meeting in person. I've been talking to a couple girls. But it turned meh so I gave up on them lol. It turned meh for you with that one girl you were raving about?

What happens in August? Your job might let you go after August if the pandemic is still affecting everything like it currently is? A pay cut is rough. Did higher ups already take pay cuts? That's nice of your landlord. So back to the shitty commute? Or working from home?

How is your family doing?

Apu: It's the efficiency of language, tbf, tbh, imo, ffs etc, yhpoa, it's all necessary
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/open-sourced/2019/12/16/21013048/tiktok-china-national-security-investigation -- some good reporting here on TikTok

Of the 90s TV shows that weren't TGIF shows, Seinfeld was the closest if actually funny to me. Frasier, Friends, 70s Show, never worked on me. 

Portrait of a lady on fire is a nice slow burn but also beautifully shot. Like you could spend 2 hours in a meh virtual museum or get blown away and have a nice story. 

Think it depends on the category as well. Some self help is emotional so that requires some vagueness since it's more specific to a person whereas financial self help can be somewhat standard.

I'll take a sculpture of your butt as an alternative if we're doing body parts. 

Kinda sounds like wasting that most valuable resource in engineering..or maybe just this specific aspect of the field? 

Not so much meh but like you said, it's much better in person. There's tone and body language and much more that gets across. And flirting over video is, not great lol 

So they fired a few people this past week but I survived. We'll see what happens later but the core part of the stadium opening project I'm working on just got moved so timelines are all over the place. Just going to enjoy what I have and then we'll see after, can't plan for it all. I would guess NYC is going to open later than most so I'll have some time for a new place (if my landlord doesn't what me back) before the office reopens.

Everyone good here, how about your family? Michael and Lauren still in NYC?? 

Apu: P.s. I'm just going to start calling you at some point lol 
Me: You say efficiency, but at some point it's pure laziness. Ffs? Yhpoa? Never heard of those lol
Yeah some good stuff. Not surprised by any of it. I'll be shocked if any big actions are actually taken against Tik Tok. I was talking to this one girl, Emily, and it seems like she's big into making Tik Tok videos. She made one with her mom and shared it with me. I kind of lost some interest in her because of it lol

Yeah Seinfeld has been fairly funny. It don't understand people's obsession with Friends. It's not funny and it's not a good show. 

You're really selling that one lol. Interesting way of describing a movie lol. 

Yeah I understand that. Is there a point your trying to make about self help books?

You want a sculpture? Not my actual butt?

My improvisation is my most valuable resource? What should I be doing instead?

Well of course it's better in person. I find video calls to be awkward. So I don't even try to make video calls with anyone. Have you tried video calling any of the girls? 

Damn! That's rough! Since timelines are moving and things are up in the air, it's hard to tell where things will land? Yeah NYC is a mess. Now with people protesting the stay at home orders (not sure if they are happening in NYC), all of this will be dragged out longer. 

Glad to hear. Yeah everyone is doing well. Michael got sick at one point but is better now. Who knows if it was corona or not. My mom said Somerset Medical Center has been crazy. Lauren has fortunately been able to work from home some days at Sloane Kettering. Yeah Lauren and Michael are still in NYC.

How does it take you over 10 days sometimes to respond to a text? People have been worse at responding to texts since the pandemic. People should be more responsive now because they should have more free time. Makes no sense.

Apu: That's when I just only use acronyms to get by. Ffs is for fucks sake and yjpoa is you hot piece of ass 
Yeah I'm not a big tiktok person, we use it for influencers we work with and some funny stuff I see on Twitter but it's mostly a cesspool of nonsense 

RIGHT? FRIENDS IS SHIT. I also think I watched how I met your mother, or himym if you will, and it's basically the same so friends is redundant

We'll the plot is a bit simple but it is really gorgeous, women and all 😁

Maybe get you to read one? 

Actual butt will eventually fade, lose its firmness, a sculpture is both memory of it's best, and longevity 

You said your mind was your most valuable possession but if you're saying most of the time, you're punching numbers that would seem like a waste  

Yeah video calls are awkward but I think that's initial, maybe a few phone calls and then you get used to it? One app has video speed dating now on Sunday nights so sometimes I try that but it's AWKWARD. 

Yeah it's going to be difficult to project a head with the limited info we have. Those people will get sick faster and learn a lesson. 

How's you're company doing? 

Good news in your mom and lauren that they're okay considering their work, hopefully it's not stressful for you. I imagine you think about it a bit.

Legitimate thought process: OH HEY TREVOR TEXTED ME. OMG THATS ALOT. LET ME THINK ABOUT THIS. OMG ITS BEEN TEN DAYS SHIT.



Me: Lol when do you ever need to use yhpoa?
All social media is a cesspool. People that are addicted to it don't realize how bad it is for them. 

The laugh track on friends really bothers me. Seinfeld also has a laugh track of sorts. Maybe it was just a 90s thing. I thought friends was before himym. Either way, himym was actually good though. 

So I guess I need to watch 😂

Self help books are a waste of time. I know how to help myself. And if I'm going to spend time improving myself, it's going to be through knowledge and/ learning/improving a skill. I don't need someone else's bullshit they put together to make some money. My roommate is big into self help books, so now I have even more of an aversion to them lol.

What about a sculpture made of something to replicate the actual feel and shape of my butt?

I agree it's a waste. So what should I do instead?

It's so awkward! Even then, if you can't meet in person any time soon, I don't see it going anywhere with anyone. CMB is doing that, right?

The people that protest and then get sick deserve it. 

My company is doing fine. Since we are considered defense, we are apparently protected. They are continuing to hire people. So oddly the company is growing. The CEO sends out updates at least once a week. He kind of made it sound like this pandemic will make it easier for the company to hire people. It's one thing to think that, but to put it in a company wide email is another. 

I try not to think about it. There's nothing I can do. 

Yeah I figured that was the case with you lol. But for other people, my texts aren't nearly as long. So I don't understand.

Apu: In reference to you and like 2 other people 
I think there's some actual benefit of Twitter but not really TikTok, though I guess both can be used to convey information but in reality, think Twitter has more staying power. Yes it's still a cesspool but there is benefit to some 

I think himym is just more relatable for us vs like I'd you're 15-28 in the late 90s, it's probably incredible. 

You never know what someone else's POV might be to handle things but I get most are what you're saying, mostly people touting their own very specific experience. 

Is that something you'll put in your will for me? 

Is crunching and moving Numbers an industry thing, company thing or team thing? Just gotta figure out what you really want and where to find it. 

The League does video, not sure about CMB. 

Yeah let karma do its thing for those people 

CEO is probably right since more talent will be available, maybe it's his way of motivating people, making people fight for their spot. Not great leadership though if that's the case 

Yeah I get it, but if you do feel anxious, happy to listen, BY PHONE. 

To keep up at your level of conversation, I need a 9 day handicap

Me: And who are those two other people?
Twitter only has some benefit if you use it in a select few particular ways. 

I think they are equally relatable. Maybe himym slightly more, but that's person to person. Friends is just not a good show nor funny. 

Yeah it can be helpful to learn from someone else's experience, but at that point, read a memoir or something like that. 

That would have to be made within like the next 5-10 years, or it will start to fall below your standards. 

Crunching numbers is pretty common among engineering fields from what I hear. 

Oh you and your fancy League lol. I know CMB does something, but I don't spend the time to read what it actually is lol. 

Exactly! They are also hypocrites. They say it's all a lie, but yet they are wearing a mask lol

He is probably right. It's probably him showing that he is positive that the company will still continue to move upward despite the circumstances. I just think he could've gone about it better. He also seems fond of trump, so I tend to be more critical of him. 

I know. And I appreciate that!

Hahahaha that's one way to look at it. Then what have you been doing in your free time?

Me: You have been oddly responsive this weekend lol
Apu: Victoria Justice and Mila Kunis, those are the hot pieces of asses in my life.....okay not now but Eventually 
Probably could be said of most social media.

Are they equally relatable to you? I don't think friends is as relatable because it seems so dated reference and joke wise.

Have you ever read a good memoir?? Or any lol 

So make it now and I can chip in for sculpting.. or I can just buy you instant cement and you can start now 

So is that where you want to end up? An executive number cruncher

I can always invite you to the League 😉

Jain philosophy is all karma baby 

Well I imagine most leaders of big companies are.. pretty sure my CEO is too 

See, cut down the time form 10 daya to 5 

Me: Eventually, really???
True but like no one does

It's been awhile since I've seen himym. But it's probably more relatable.

"When Breath Becomes Air" was really good. 

I can give you a mold. Then you can make the sculpture out of whatever you want lol

No. That's why I'm trying to figure out something else

You could. But is the League really that great?

So when is that karma going to start paying off?

Yeah because Trump just hands their company money 

That's quite the impressive turn around by your standards lol

Me: I'm texting a girl that texts like us 😮
Apu: That they will be eventually be in my life 
I think you'd be surprised how many people are sane and using it reasonably, granted the trolls make more noise

Who's it about?

I want the mold of your butt so it can become the sculpture, not so I can take it and then make it your thighs.. you goddamn weirdo

Well how are you trying to figure it out 

I mean, are any dating apps great? Kinda just seems like you choose a pool and go with it.

That would depend on your karma 

I think I'm back to turnaround times of five days... Is she the same way?m

Me: And how will that be so?
I know there are more sane people than I say. But it's easier to just assume most people aren't sane. 

It's about this neurosurgeon that got cancer. He was one of the best neurosurgeons in the country. Lauren recommended reading this book. Definitely worth reading. 

At first I thought you wanted me to make you a statue of my butt out of concrete right now. I was saying giving you a mold is the better choice so then you can make a statue out of any material you choose. 

Well I'm hoping time solves that issue. But I have been focusing a lot on learning programming. I'm currently developing a desktop application. 

True. But some work better than others. 

And how do I know where my current karma stands?

That's impressive for you. She turns it around in a few hours or less typically.

Me: You sent a picture.
Apu: Prayer is probably the best way 🙏
I disagree, I think it's easier to assume most people are sane and rationale, just maybe a little ignorant and in need of some info. 

Well I do respect Lauren generally so might be worth a read

I mean concrete is probably a little inaccurate.. maybe steel or iron?

What's the app solving? 

Guess it depends what you're looking for? Think they're all pretty equal in their goal of connecting people, some just take better routes to monetize it and serve people 

When it's you're time to realize where it stands, it will become apparent to you 

Yeah well that's cause she's trying to impress you, I think my bar is low enough that general existence is enough 

One more K in her name and I would've been PSYCHED

Me: So zero chance then? Lol
Well it's equally easy to assume whatever you want I guess. My approach is just the safer one. 

Then you can blame her if you don't like the book. Then again, do you even really know that much about Lauren? Lol

I thought you were gonna go for something like Jell-O lol

It's a music manager. Pretty much a copy of iTunes. 

Just my point. Some are better than others. Also depends on your location. I imagine some apps are relatively more popular in certain parts of the country. 

I don't like that answer. 

Well apparently everything about me impresses her. So I think I really got this one on the hook. But we will see. Any updates on girls for you?

That's not what I was expecting you to say about her, but still inline with things you would say lol

Me: https://reddit.app.link/DmUCwc5Ra6
Apu: I mean zero seems kind harsh, I think there's a .06% chance 
YOU TELLING ME MICHAELANGELO PAINTED THE SISTINE CHAPEL THE SAFE WAY?? 

Lauren is married, a nurse, your sister, a marathon runner and had an apartment near Central Park that looking back, I now understood how she put up with it since I had a similar experience. 

I'm not Alex Jones trying to eat your ass...

What's the difference then vs. iTunes?

Probably the apps that connect smaller community ideals like Christian singles or Farmers Dating. And then there's Ashley Madison

Well when it's time for you to like that answer, it'll come to you 😁

Still impressing her?

Same girl as before and an additional match of mostly short conversation. Just mostly entertainment but nothing too interesting yet.

What did you think I'd say???

Painful to watch, gotta respect 😬

Me: Well from just prayer alone, yes 0%. But overall, I'll give you the same odds as winning the lottery: 1 in 300 million. 
Did they really do anything OSHA approved back then? Lol

What about an apartment near Central Park? Is that a bad thing?

Hahahahaha I'm not saying that you should use Jell-O, or that if you did use Jell-O you should eat it. I was just suggesting a material that is not as hard as steel or concrete. 

Well it won't be so bloated like iTunes. I will try to get it to work with syncing with Android devices. I have to think through what features I want to add. Maybe I'll incorporate YouTube somehow. 

Exactly, if you are into those groups of people lol

I guess it's not my time then. Has that answer come to you yet ever?

I believe so. She is dying to meet me in person. 

Well the pandemic is kind of getting in the way of things. 

I thought you'd say something along the lines of replacing you. 

Yeah extremely painful! Did you listen to the commentary?

Apu: Id trade the lottery away for one dance with any of them 😘
I'm sure he had some precautions but the point is YOU NEED RISK.

No I just remember it being small but now I get why she put up with it lol

What about a plastic ass?

Is this like something you want to monetize??

I'm fairly open minded to anyone willing to fall in love with me

Not yet, or potentially ever, then again, I'm not really looking. Maybe some spiritually about the whole universe but not specific facets

Dying to meet in person is a little...on the nose 

Can't replace me, who else can give you this weird friendly intellectual sexual energy balance??? 

I did and it's definitely a white man's version of an Indian accent 🤣

Latest Rick and Morty episode....damn it's alot

Me: So you'd trade away hundreds of millions of dollars just for a dance?
Well he didn't really have any other option. That's not exactly a great example lol

Yeah it was a tiny studio. What do you expect from a studio on the more affordable end of the spectrum in Manhattan lol

That's your choice. I think your most realistic option is the stuff they use for ballistic like in mythbusters

I don't think I would be able to ever monetize it. There are too many free options out there. I'm just using it as a way to learn Java. But there is a lot of potential here because Java is the basis of Android. However, programming for mobile is different than desktop. 

Really? Anyone? That seems like a stretch. 

I thought looking won't help. I thought it comes to you when it's supposed to. Am I understanding incorrectly?

I wasn't even going for the pun. It just happened lol. We actually met up this morning for a hike. It went really well

You are a weird combination. I'll give you that. If she were Indian, then would you be insulted?

Yeah the commentary is definitely fake. Whether it's a white guy or not, it was still funny

I haven't watched it yet

Apu: One dance is all I need ..money doesn't make you happy, but they'll have enough for me to be. 
He could've said I'm going to draw a bunch of dicks on this ceiling... Show me where that's illegal. So I stand by it as an example of taking risks.

Definitely thought she had a roommate .. might be mixing up my memories of your siblings 

I've never fully watched an episode of mythbusters so I have no idea what that stuff is as a simpleton

Free + ads, and if you code an easier or more intuitive UX, you might be able to make it. Is code patentable? I imagine so but idk

Anyone. Could've been Hitler. I'd be like oh cool, here's an opportunity to understand what part of my personality attracts Nazis. It's all data gathering that if you're not willing to explore, going to miss out on some info.

I'm misstating. Yes it will come to you when you're ready but I'm not really looking at the ways of methods to become ready. I believe not everyone is in a place where it'll happen, but after a certain understanding of the universe, it would become apparent. 

TREVOR. NOW IS NOT THE TIME FOR LOVE. HUNKER DOWN.

Nah, I've accepted that you attract Indian people so it comes with the territory. 

2nd episode .. slightly better than the first

Me: So you think your dance with them would win them over? And then you start dating whoever you got the dance with?
There probably are a bunch of dicks on the ceiling. They weren't afraid of nudity back then, well at least not in artwork. He didn't take any risk with it other than the safety of actually doing it. If he didn't do it, the church probably would've had him killed or shunned from society. The work wasn't risky. It sets itself apart from other work based on the skill of the work, not the content. 

She did have a roommate at one point, but not with her in the studio. I can't remember which apartment you saw. 

You should definitely find an episode of mythbusters to watch, well at least one that involves dummies made of that material. 

I don't know if you can patent code. I'm guessing it gets copywrited. Either way, software developers have something that protects people from stealing their code. I have a long way to go before I start worrying about selling it. 

Yeah but at some point, doesn't it just sound desperate? Not all info is worth collecting especially when there is a price to pay. 

I see what you are saying. So there are things you can do that could potentially speed up the understanding from happening?

We also met up on Sunday and today. It's going really well. I don't come in contact with anyone but her and the people I see at the grocery store. I feel like I'm following the guidelines pretty damn we'll lol

The only Indian people that I have attracted are you and Nick lol. Based on that, it's hard to generalize to Indians overall. 

Still haven't watched lol

Apu: It's worked before... And yeah we can go into dating, doesn't have to be marriage, I'm simple.
I think if he did alot more dicks they wouldn't have gone for it. It's one thing to  not be afraid of nudity and another to be like, here is one sex's distinguishing figure a few hundred times or so. And i think without OSHA or any real regulation, the work was probably also quite risky to execute. 

I saw the one near Central Park where I thought it was near the F line but it was on the complete other side of the park and we had to book it to get to a Yankee game lol 

I'll take a recco on an episode.

I tried looking it up and forgot I'm not a lawyer who understands this nonsense.

You don't need ALL the data, just enough to realize what's worth your time. And, I would guess, your goal is for one long term partner. 

Yeah, if you read the books now or start practicing some teachings, you can begin to see the wisdom sooner. There's also a lot of predetermination, a whole other aspect of it to consider. 

And your roommate... Lord knows who he's running into 

That's that you know of, I'm sure there are more.

This latest episode yesterday was the best of the restart of the season so def worth a watch.

Me: 1 dance led to a girl dating you? Who was that? I don't think any girl would go straight from 1 dance to marriage lol 
Society was completely different back then and there. Maybe they weren't afraid of displaying the human body because it was seen as a product of God. So in that sense, painting a lot of nudity isn't crazy or unjustified. Yeah I said the work was unsafe because there was no regulating organization like OSHA. 

Yeah that was also the time that you got us on the wrong subway line and took us into Harlem lol

It's been awhile since I've watched mythbusters. It appears the seasons listed on IMDB don't match those listed on Hulu. I think I remember seeing "Mythbusters vs Jaws" which is s18e7 on Hulu. I don't think I've seen it, but "Breaking Bad Special" would probably be good, which is s14e10 on Hulu. I enjoyed all episodes from what I remember. 

I'm no lawyer either. But there's definitely something in place that protects software developers

I'm not saying you need all data. But it sounded like you were open to any data that comes your way. I'm saying that it's not always worth your time to collect just any data that comes your way. 

Yeah of course being more wise is beneficial lol. So you believe in fate?

My roommate has been living with his parents. So I've had the apartment to myself for like two months now. 

I can only go based on the data I have, which is only you and Nick 

Well I'm going to watch them all. I'm not worried about them being a waste of time. I don't remember any of the episodes being a waste of time

Apu: Maybe the way you dance... 
I can't think of any artwork from that time that was considered worthy of the Vatican or Pope would be straight up dicks. Then again, maybe that's why I haven't been canonized so idk?

HEY MAN, IM ALOT BETTER NOW. I FINALLY FIGURED OUT THE STREETS ARE NUMBERED SEQUENTIALLY. HUGE.

A breaking bad or jaws one would definitely be a good intro, unreal that show hasn't been resurrected. An all time favorite comedian, Craig Ferguson, had a joke that the show used to be about small little.myths but at the end it evolved to like, how many people can we blow up in one afternoon 😁
.
Yeah someone must've come up with the terms of service no one has read for a reason, maybe mows the time to read it.

I'm open to all data coming my way, but not in the same way. If some flat earther comes by, I'm not taking in all the data provide with the same level of interest/intrigue as someone who, say, thinks birds aren't real. 

I don't believe in fate because its just a bummer to think it's all planned. Like I understand the benefit of saying, if it's meant to be it's meant to be, which can relieve some anxiety but it doesn't for me spiritually. I get more satisfaction in thinking the world is random, and that's okay.

Oh shit, hopefully he's still paying rent??

Well go off my data as a trusted source to say Indian people love you 

None are really a waste, there's always something. Last night's was also pretty rad and funny. Basically it's trending upwards 

Me: It is true, white people suck at dancing
So all of a sudden you are an expert in artwork? 😂

YOU CANNOT BE SERIOUS?!?!?

The episodes that revolve around topics that you are familiar with, or are interested in will definitely be better episodes. Episodes where they just blow up a ton of shit is also entertaining lol. The two main guys apparently didn't like each other off camera. Or it at developed that way over time. So the last season was two new guys. I never saw one of those episodes, but that was the end of it. No chance of bringing it back because the two original guys couldn't be replaced. 

There is a south park episode regarding that, "The Human Cent-iPad". A parody of "The Human Centipede" so you know the episode will be really fucked up. 

You may not be taking in as much data as someone that seems more worth your while, but you are still spending time. Time that could be seen as wasted. 

Well from an anxiety stand point, whether it is fate or random, both mean that everything is out of your control, so don't worry. Just let things happen. 

The roommate situation blew up on this past Thursday. I left for NJ on Friday morning. I didn't feel safe in the apartment. So I've been in Branchburg for this whole weekend. You might need to call me for this story. It's insane!

I trust you, but aren't you still extrapolating based on very few data points?

Trending upwards is always a good sign

Me: You might want to at least read this one tonight lol
Me: We decided to break our lease
Apu: So now it's 2 months pay and out? 
Me: I pay 2 months rent as termination fee. Then I still have June and July rent due to 60 day notice to vacate
Apu: So you're paying the four months instead of 5? 
Apu: I guess that's still saving but damn that you can't get the two months count toward termination fee
Me: Yep
Well it saves him money. I'm losing $2525. But it gives me peace of mind and normalcy back. The stimulus check helps offset that loss

Apu: Can't really put a price on peace of mind so probably for the best and the check will definitely help.
Back to the original thread-

Yes, yes they do, but some are salvageable with a teacher like myself.

Well since art is subjective I would guess anyone with an opinion is?

If I wasn't kidding, how mad would you be...

Why can't they be replaced?? I'm currently rewatching the west wing for some sanity.

Yeah see nothing about South Park really interests me because the commentary is probably too ridiculous 

Depends on your idea of wasted? Or really your idea of how we should spend out finite time on earth.

There are some things I'd like some control over, not much but some, so sometimes I do worry. I wish I was a bit more stoic but just not me. 

Ehh must people's world view is based on few data points and personal experience, so go with that instead and it might be more satisfying 



Me: Exactly! I needed that psycho out of my life. 
I don't know if I'm salvageable in terms of dancing. But you consider yourself that good of a teacher?

Art is subjective. But an art expert would be able to notice all aspects that would be indications of skill or lack there of. 

I'm not mad. I'm more like "how did I trust you getting us around NYC?" Lol

It's not that they can never be replaced. But the guys that they got to replace them turned out to be a fail. It can be tough to replace OGs. 

How much South Park have you watched though? The show being ridiculous is part what makes it South Park

So you don't see that as wasted time?

Having some more control over things would be nice. But that's out of your control most likely. Wishing you were someone other than yourself is a big deal. 

True. But most people probably fail to recognize how few data points they are basing decisions and views on. Outlook can change when you recognize how little data you have on something. 

Sorry to just drop this on you. But I was in the hospital for the past 3 days. I am fine now

Apu: Well let's loop back to the other convos in a bit, what was the hospital visit for????
Me: Well long story short..... I have blood clots in my lungs
Apu: Isn't that an embolism.. 
Me: Yes pulmonary embolism
Apu: So I guess you're just on blood thinners then? 
Me: Yep. But it will take months for the clots to be full gone
Me: *fully
Apu: Not knowing that much about it, I just thought this was a reoccurring thing, are you saying after a few months of the thinners it'll be gone? 
Me: Well it depends on what caused the clots. Right now they don't know what caused them for me. If they could point to being sedentary for a long time like being on a long flight, then it's not a recurring thing. But if they determine that it's due to some genetic factor, then I will most likely always be on blood thinners. Given that Lauren experienced something similar, they think it might be genetic. But when she was tested years ago for everything, it all came back negative. Everything so far for me came back negative. There are still tests that I'm waiting for results on.
Apu: How do you feel about it? 
Me: Also all Covid tests came back negative, so my clots were definitely not caused by that. 
I don't like any bit of this. There's nothing I can do about it other than focus on recovery and living with it. I don't know what else it could be other than genetic. That's more likely than just being a freak incident

Apu: Good sign on the covid front, though I'm sure you'll be quarantining anyway since you just went into a hospital where I'm sure there are patients there 
Considering how good of shape you keep yourself in, I can't imagine it's because of anything you're doing and if Lauren had something similar... Guess it is what it is on that, but yeah it must feel infuriating 

Me: It is good. Well I'm just going to continue doing what I've been doing, which is be around only my parents. I wore a mask the whole time at the hospital. It's not like I plan on going to stores or anything any time soon. If I go out for a walk or run, I always keep a lot of distance from people. 
Do you remember like 6 years ago that Lauren was in the hospital for a clot in her brain? We had clots in different organs, but neither of us should be randomly developing blood clots like this. I will have follow up appointments with a haematologist and a pulmonologist. After the roommate situation, I didn't think 2020 could get worse for me. Apparently I was very wrong.

Apu: Well how has home been? If you guys need food dropped off or anything, let us know as we're literally around the corner.
Don't worry about 2020, we still have an election

Me: It's been ok. Kind of just want to get back to DC. I think we are all set. Thank you though
Yeah but that doesn't do anything for me right now. Also after 2016 election, I not feeling great about 2020 election

Apu: When do you think you'll be heading back? 
Me: Probably next Sunday
I SAW OBI TODAY!!!

Apu: Happy birthday 🎉🎂🎉🎈🎂🎉 
Apu: Hopefully you're not stuck in bed 
Me: Thanks!!!
I actually went camping

Apu: Oh shit, how was that 
Me: Well my 2020 keeps getting worse
Apu: ....
Me: I went with my gf. She drove up from VA. We were on a campsite in south NJ. We were there Monday until this morning. We broke up yesterday. 
I get home today and get a call from my mom that Rocky passed away on Monday

Apu: .... Fucking Jesus Christ. Are you still in NJ? Socially distant hangout ? We can catch up on this 
Me: I'm at home in Branchburg
Apu: Let's hang later 
Me: Sounds good
Me: Hang soon?
Apu: One last call...
Me: So 30 mins?
Apu: Praying so.
Me: Work call?
Apu: Sadly 
Me: It's so late!
Apu: Part of the client team is west coast 
Apu: Five minutes, how should we meet lol 
Me: Stupid west coast
We can sit in my backyard

Apu: Be down in a minute 
Me: 👍
Apu: Good seeing you yesterday, know you're going through alot so hopefully it was helpful to chat. And appreciate you telling me about your anxiety too 
Me: It was good seeing you too. Talking really did help. Hanging out with you also helped. Gave a feeling of some normalcy. I've been meaning to share the anxiety aspect. I would like to talk with you about you seeing a therapist at some point if you are up to it.
Apu: Whenever you'd like, happy to help, know how important it was for me and with covid, you might be able to get it for free 
Me: Thanks! I think through my health insurance I can get the first couple appointments free. Maybe I'll be able to get more free because of Covid if I decide to see a therapist
Apu: Even for telehealth, it might stay free for awhile, worth looking into when you're ready. You still feel like you're going back tomorrow ?
Me: That's a good point. Still need to give it some time though. I'm heading to beach house tomorrow morning. I'll head back to DC Sunday evening. Sunday is father's day

Apu: So I'm turning into you and injured my foot, think I broke a pinky toe lol wasn't paying attention and just smashed my foot into one of the pillars in the basement. 
How is being back in DC

Me: So you're saying I was being clumsy and stumbled into these blood clots? Lol
It's ok. I've been a little paranoid about the roommate though. He still has a key

Apu: I meant about when you broke your arm lol there goes your memory 
Has that subsided at all? Must be alot to be worried all the time considering his health.

Me: I know. I just wanted to give you shit lol
Yeah I haven't heard from him since we agreed to terminate the lease at the end of May. Hard to not be at least a little paranoid. But I will be moving out soon so that helps ease my mind a little

Apu: SHIT ON THE CRIPPLE, THANKS ALOT.
What's the status on moving? Did you find a studio or 1 bedroom? 

Me: Right because stubbing your toe makes you a cripple 🙄
I found a studio over the weekend. My lease started today. I dropped a couple things off tonight. My dad is heading down Friday to help me with the big move. I'll drop a few things off tomorrow night as well

Apu: It was a tough few hours contemplating amputation or if I was overreacting, but now it's all okay!
You all settled in?

Me: I'm surprised it only took a few hours for you
Yeah finally. I've been going non-stop all yesterday and today. The last thing I'm waiting on is WiFi

Apu: People say I'm dramatic so I've learned to limit my rumination to only 8 hours before making a decision.
What's the area like for you now?

Me: You being dramatic, that's crazy talk. When I broke my arm, I didn't go to the ER until the next day lol
I'm now in Pentagon City in Arlington. So I'm walking distance to a lot of shops and restaurants and stuff. Similar to the area of my previous apartment, but the area has a different feel

Apu: I might need your engineering help, do you have time for a call quickly...
Me: Lol yeah you can call
Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: So I did the transparency and found another tool that helped estimate it, waiting to see if the property can give an idea of how accurate it is, but thanks for the help!
Let's get back to it.

What's the apartment like?

I do consider myself a good dance teacher or any teacher because I am, at all times, the simplest person in the room so if I can get you to understand it, it's a job well done.

Skill in art is objective though too? My brush stroke might look novice but that might be on purpose as that's the message I'm going for. 

I think now I have an acceptable sense of direction around the city and generally know what direction to go in most places. I open up Google maps and see what to do.

I did see that a mythbusters guy did pass away recently, but yeah the chemistry of two people is hard to replace.

I've watched a few South Park episodes over a few years but probably less than 10, I just can't get through it.

I don't think it's time wasted to get to know people that may or may not work. It's just part of an adventure and, especially now, adventures are good and keep us sane.

I wish aspects of me were to improve, like a more stoic attitude towards some things, but I'd say I'm 80% good with who I am

If more people looked at data for their outlook on life, it probably would make us less insane but people don't know where or how so they go with what's easiest and I think that means they won't realize how little data they have on a topic 

Me: Glad it worked out. Aren't you glad you came to me for ideas?
The apartment is good. It's a studio but I feel like I have decent amount of space. See pics below. 

How do you know you're a good dance teacher? How many people have you taught? How many white people have you taught? Lol

If that certain brush stroke was intended, then someone else skilled in art should be able to recognize that and appreciate it for the skill of it. 

So I can now trust you to guide me around the city the next time we go together? You never relied on Google maps in the past for getting around NYC?

Yeah Grant passed away from an aneurysm. It's crazy! He was their robot specialist. He was also a secondary host along with two other people, separate from those two main guys. 

The commentary is a little too rough? Or just everything about the show is hard to watch?

In terms of dating, spending more time than necessary on a person that isn't going to work is a waste of time in that sense. But talking to a stranger just for the sake of talking to them and learning from them is not a waste of time. 

So you complain too much? You wish you had more drive?

I'm not saying you need to look up data for everything in life. But just the fact of recognizing how much data you actually know on something is important. For example, take someone that grew up and lives in the middle of nowhere Texas and they have never been anywhere else in their life. They might think that they are amazing at driving, but all they know is driving on straight wide open and empty roads. They might think differently about their driving skills if they considered how they might fair on a winding hilly road or congested highways of the Northeast near a major city. Even if they recognized that fact, they still might think that they are great at driving because of several reasons, but mainly because people are stupid. Yeah focusing on only your experiences is the easiest, but it's also lazy and is part of many problems we face as a society.

Me: You sent a picture.
Me: You sent a picture.
Me: You sent a picture.
Me: You sent a picture.
Me: You sent a picture.
Apu: Every now and then you come up with good ideas 😉
That actually looks like a lot of space! And probably a whole lot more then what you initially has.

Fair on the white people front but I also helped other people dance when we did in h.s. and my one year at UMass, the bar was low but I still passed it. C's get Degrees!

How can an expert know the intent of something that is subjective? They're basing it off historical context for what skill is but what was considered skillful art evolves. Starry Night, as most of Van Gogh, wasn't considered skillful or even all that good but now we look at it differently. 

Now you can rely on me BECAUSE I open up Google Maps lol

That guy also made the robot on the Late late show with Craig Ferguson and it was dope.

The show style in general doesn't resonate with me. Maybe it's the voices or just that alot of the humor is also like a little too absurd to make it's point. 

Disagree on the dating longer than necessary. Just because you know there is an end doesn't mean you can't enjoy it while you can. Just know when it's time to move on. 

Not complain, but that some topics tend to rile me up more than others that I know, objectively, shouldn't. I wish I had the discipline to not let it annoy me as it does. 

I think that's an ongoing issue that people overvalue their own experience more than general trends but I think that's permanent for our type of society. We are founded and preach individualism, not community oriented setup. Other cultures focus on the collective and data does impact their decisions a bit more. Of course there are people all over that only value themselves but people with a more balanced approach usually tilt towards whatever the culture is setup as

Me: Every now and then? Lol How often do you come up with good ideas?
It is a lot of space. I don't think it's more space than I've previously had, but it's a lot of useable space since it's so open, being that it's a studio. I even have room for a full couch lol

The low bar you just set isn't helping your cause lol

The expert can probably have a very good understanding the intent for a majority of types of art. You are only thinking of art that is very subjective. But not all art is subjective. Yeah art is subjective for whether someone likes it or not. But just because people don't like it, doesn't mean that it wasn't skillful. People didn't appreciate Van Gogh's work while he was alive because it didn't fit the narrow frame of mind of that time. The mindset of what is good art has expanded over time. People of that time failed to see the skill. But I do agree that there are forms of art that are hard to ever see the skill, like a Jackson Pollack painting. Anyone could've thrown paint at a canvas like he did. 

Why wouldn't I just rely on Google maps instead of you?

Wow! Didn't know that! Before that and mythbusters, he was on battle bots or whatever that show was with fighting robots. 

I think the absurdness of it all is exactly what they were going for lol. 

It depends on where things are in the dating / relationship. For the majority of my previous relationships, if the relationship isn't working for me, then it takes the enjoyment out of it. Thus I know I need to move on. Continuing the relationship would then be a waste of time for me. 

It sounds like stoicism wasn't the right word choice. It sounds more like an issue with minor things bothering you rather than an ability to face difficult situations. Or is it both apply?

I agree that people overvalue their experiences and that the individualism over community plays a factor in how people behave. But I don't think community oriented is necessarily more data driven. I think an individual in a community oriented society has more data points to go based on because they are factoring in data from other people they know. By having more data points, they are better off when making decisions. But I don't think a community based society means those people are looking up data more than people in an individualistic society. But yeah people in a community oriented society are probably less likely to overvalue their own experiences. But I don't think anything is permanent. It might be hard to change, but definitely not permanent. Might feel permanent though unfortunately

Apu: I would say I have a lot of good ideas but I'm a quantity guy so my success rate is diluted. 
Hopefully it doesn't blur the line between work space and home space too much. Did you guys finalize a return to work plan? Our office is 20% max capacity and only if you want to go in.

I'm just putting it at a bar you can reach 😁

What kind of art isn't subjective? We made up what's considered good and bad and that changes by time and culture so how can we objectively measure it, knowing that feelings and attitudes can change? Maybe collectively, for a period of time, we shift opinion but it could away again. 

Google maps isn't an adventure like I am. They might give me the most efficient route, may not be the most fun.

Robot fighting always looked cool, kinda surprised it hasn't gotten a second life in the age of Twitch. While not an exact esport, it's a fun idea that I think enough people would watch and participate in.

Yeah but that level of absurd, without like a layer of cleverness hasn't really resonated with me.

Yeah it's all about setting the right expectation and then growing with it or realizing something long term might not be working but in the interim, you might learn things about yourself. 

I see learning stoicism as learning the ability to accept things that I may not like or agree with as they are and if there is a chance for change, coming at it with patience. The weight of the conflict could be small or large. Example; I wish I could deal with my coworker better because I have a disagreement in work attitude. He's technically at a higher level so I need to accept that I have a low chance of converting him to my style. I may not move to his but his inability to match brings me frustration. I know that's dumb but it still happens, so learning aspects of stoic thinking and framing it might help me deal with it better.

I think capability might be the same but openness and willingness to look at information that conflicts with world beliefs might be easier in a community oriented group because, unless they're all very homogenous, the different experiences allow for new POVs never considered. It also depends how the society builds community. If it's built around shared and narrow definitions of identity, then it's really an individualistic society cause it's the same.

Me: What was your last good idea?Percentage of good ideas isn't a good measure. Average rate of good ideas is a better measure. So you think you have a high good idea rate?

I think the possibility of blurring work space and home space is very easy in any apartment that the average person can afford. So I'm just hoping the blurring doesn't affect me too much. 
For the states that allow it, some people have been working in the office. But vast majority of people are working from home. They are keeping things status quo until there is more guidance from the government. The decisions are still being weighed by the CEO. There are tentative plans, but nothing official yet. My boss doesn't even know of any even semi-official return to work plans yet from the CEO. My company is playing it safe with returning to the office. 

You've never seen me dance lol 

Any medium of art (paintings, sculptures, drawings, I guess leaving out photography) that recreates the real world is not subjective. It either captures the real world like a picture or it doesn't. Well it's a spectrum, not binary, but you get what I mean. 

Well I've experienced the non-Google maps using Apu...

Robot fighting is cool. But it requires a lot more knowledge, and money than esports. The upfront cost of getting into esports may be significant depending on your income level. But after that upfront cost, esports is fairly cheap to participate in. For robot fighting, you have to learn the hardware, learn the software, coding, etc. You have to pay for all of that hardware and maybe some software. Programming languages are free, but you might have to pay for an IDE in this case. Once you build a robot and start participating in fights, then you have to pay for repairs of your robot. Esports are easier to get involved in for most if not all aspects. 

I haven't watched it in a long time, but I'm sure there's more cleverness than you're giving it credit for. 

Isn't setting the right expectations, growing and learning just life in general?

I still don't think stoicism is the right word choice. Stoicism involves dealing with pain or hardship. That example is on the level of inconvenience for me. For something to fall under stoicism for me, it needs to meet a certain level. That doesn't sound like a hardship to me, but I guess everyone has different thresholds for pain and hardship. 

Yeah I agree about the openness. I also agree that narrow definitions of identity tend to create / be a product of an individualistic society. But I don't think the opposite is necessarily true. A society that has a broad definition of identity can be either individualistic or community based.

Apu: Well they're mostly work related, my good ideas of personal fun is few and far between. I had a good idea that I should try to exercise more so that's helpful. 
I keep thinking about a personal studio but feel like it'll just feel weird to have all those things in a bedroom. That's probably a dumb problem and I'll adjust but it seems to be annoying, especially in covid times.

I'm half planning a road trip right now since our office won't open till earliest 2021, maybe you guys will do the same and you can join me 😁

Fair that I haven't seen you dance, kinda means you need to send it to me.

Even real world things don't have to closely resemble if that was the point of the artist. Maybe they wanted to severely exaggerate something to make a point. Starry night is a perfect example.

WE HAVENT BEEN BADLY LOST EVER HAVE WE?

That absurdness just isn't for me then I guess? 

Wow you knew way more than I thought about a potential robot fighting league... Maybe you should get involved lol

I think many people stop thinking about their growth and learning and are trying to constantly adjust expectations because of other things, especially in relationships. I do wish more people were self reflective about their life and how they impact others and willing to grow but depends on your experiences and education to let you know that you should. 

Well I think of stoicism is that regardless of the weight of the issue, you can take the same attitude throughout. Difficult situations have to be faced but the attitude towards them to help you handle the situation, that might require a stoic attitude, and I'd like that same attitude to apply to lesser situations.

What example of a society has a broad definition of identities but not being individualistic? 

Me: Can you share a recent good work idea? Exercising more is a good idea. But claiming it as your idea seems like a stretch lol. 
Well that's just a matter of mindset and priorities. For the average person living in or just outside of a major city, they are going to be in a relatively small apartment. Yeah having interior walls in an apartment will help mentally. But for people that can't handle being confined to a small apartment during a pandemic, I don't think it will matter whether they live in a studio vs a one bedroom. The fact that it is a small apartment is what will get to them. For someone like me, I haven't noticed a difference since being in a studio. My previous apartment was essentially a 1 bedroom, so I have direct comparison. For someone like you that seems to teeter between a studio could work out fine for you during a pandemic or it could mentally wreck you, I think if you live in a studio, then you would just need to be good about separating spaces within an open space. You'd have to focus on keeping the spaces clear, whereas it maybe more natural for me or there's just more leeway for me with allowing things to blur but not letting it wreck me mentally. Who knows. But the mentality of labeling it as "everything is in your bedroom and that is weird" is stupid. You could say the same thing but call it your living room or kitchen or dining room. I just view it all as my apartment. That's the only label it needs. Whether you have walls or not, it's a small enough space that you can easily go crazy during a pandemic due to being confined to the small space. Walls might just slightly prolong the inevitable insanity. 

Is a road trip really the smartest during a pandemic? It looks like I can work from home indefinitely for the foreseeable future. I would love to join. But I can't just work from anywhere because of security reasons and I need to plug directly into Ethernet of a home network, if not the company network. 

I can't dance, that's why you haven't seen it lol. 

I was talking about art where the intention is to recreate the real world. Starry Night is post-impressionism, not realism, so of course it doesn't closely resemble the real world. 

Depends how you define badly lost. 

Fair enough. The last time I watched South Park was probably high school. So yeah lol

Did I really express more knowledge about robot fighting than the average person should know?

I think people just don't think much in general. People are either too stupid, too busy, don't care or some combination. Adjusting expectations is a form of learning. But I'm guessing you were going for a distinction between the two there. Being self reflective is tied to the thinking about growth and learning. If they aren't thinking about / trying for growth and learning, then of course they are not going to be self reflective because self reflection helps growth and learning about oneself. Impacting others ties back to the individualism vs collectivism. It was interesting that the book I just read discussed in one chapter about how the individualism-collectivism scale affects airline pilots. The US is rated as the most individualistic country, so good luck trying to get more people in the US to think as a collective. 

Using the word stoic bears some weight behind more so than other similar words. For example, say you had to hole ouch and staple 10000 pages into packets of 10 by hand. No fancy copier. Yeah everyone could do it, but they just don't want to, I wouldn't refer to you as stoic in that case. You might have seen it as a hardship and you might have kept a good attitude the whole time, but if everyone could handle it and maintain a good attitude, were you really stoic? Stoic would be used in cases where the person would be distinguished (based on their attitude) from others that had to face the same or similar circumstances. 

Are you trying to say that narrow definition of identities = individualistic, and broad definition = community based?

Apu: I need you to not answer the same day so quickly and thoughtfully 🤣🤣
Well keeping in mind that good is relative: I'm working on Samsung's integration into a new stadium and part of that is benefits for people with their product that can be found in the stadiums mobile app. So I created, pitched, and am currently managing 2/3 (out of the proposed 10) integrations including an exclusive virtual tour since fans are TBD and a plan for discounted concessions when fans do return. Also currently working on a deck to create small or virtual events for end of year so we can at least get some awareness and ROI for 2020 and those ideas include a virtual or small group workout series (highlights Samsung Watch), a Samsung Voting booth to see how we can donate to the local community, and a culinary video series to show off the stadium food, captured on a Samsung device. 

I see your point on the sizing and since you're good with how you've mentally prepared yourself for the space to not go crazy just yet, it's probably a lot less of concern.. atleast right now. And obviously you have a level of mental peace that you didn't have 3 months ago so that trade off now is probably well worth it.

I thought about it but if I'm picking cities/areas where people are taking it seriously, and most of the outdoor time is hiking or in open spaces, and we'd be getting our own food anyway, I wouldn't see it too differently than if I visited a friend for a few hours with the same precautions. I'm sure we could make it work for a home network Ethernet if you were very interested! Just have to find the right Airbnb but we'd all need high speed internet anyway for our jobs.

Dance is also art so who knows, maybe you can to certain people! 

Fair enough, but even then, art that's supposed to be realistic to a real world capture could also intentionally push the boundaries of it. And it's to the same larger point that artist intention, unless explicitly stated (which why would they?) Can range quite a bit. Some realistic art could still be drawn sketchily or with blurred color that one person might find sloppy but another might see as intentional because they want you to focus somewhere else. 

When was the last time I led you somewhere and you thought, we're lost!

SEE. YOUVE MATURED PAST SOUTH PARK.

Yes. Much so. Most people have no idea or would not connect their general knowledge of machinery to identify reasonable roadblocks for joining the competition.

Would add a fourth consideration and say stupid, busy, apathetic and ignorant. Drawing a dilenation between people incapabale of certain level of knowledge (stupid) vs those that unintentionally or intentionally lack meaningful information (ignorant). There are plenty of smart general knowledge people who just draw bad conclusions because of their biases or experiences.

I do think they're tied together but not very tightly. There are people who grow their intellect and learn new skills but lack self awareness about their shortcomings that might be a problem in their personal or professional lives.

What's the insight on the airline pilot book?

I think we've seen in this pandemic how individualistic we are so it doesn't surprise me and for some dumb reason it diaappoints me, even though our entire education is based on individuals or small groups rising instead of realizing larger collective efforts. People talk mostly about MLK but little about the other parts of the movement like black Panthers, medgar evers, James Baldwin, etc. It's just how the country operates.

I think in your example of the hole punch, a stoic person might accept that this is the task and perform it without frustration or apathy, but with an attitude that limits negativity. So maybe not a good attitude like OH FUCK YES HOLE PUNCHING LFG but more, serene and accepting of the work that needs to be done, despite it's hardship.

No that last part was an actual question lol which modern societies define themselves as individualistic. I would say the average US citizen wouldn't say we're individualistic even though we are. 

Me: Can't keep up? Am I making you look bad? Haha I gave you a little bit of a break lol
So you proposed those 10 ideas and these were the ideas of yours that got picked up?

Mindset is definitely a huge factor. But a person's personality and how strong they are mentally are also big factors. I feel like I'm pretty strong mentally (I don't mean in an intelligence regard). My previous roommate couldn't handle a single day working from home in our two bedroom apartment. He then went to his parents' house. Everyone is different but he is also messed up mentally (clinically diagnosed). It's only been just over a month in the studio so we will see how I'm fairing in like 6 months. But I was also alone in my previous apartment for a few months too. So I'm not going only based on a month of being alone.  

Yeah there are cities that are doing better than others. But cities are still generally hotspots. It just means elevated risk compared to middle of nowhere places that you'd go say for hiking. It's just a matter of level of risk you are willing to accept. But from what I've seen when I went hiking with errika is that the hiking trails would still get fairly busy.
Yeah everyone needs high speed internet for work. But you could also just go to a Starbucks to get your internet. I couldn't. I also need privacy for classified work. 

I think you are trying to butter me up so that you can see me dance lol

I understand that there is a lot of subjectivity when it comes to art. The point I'm trying to make is that there is a lot less subjectivity with different types of art than you are giving credit for. 

We haven't gone anywhere together where we could ever be truly lost. Nowadays, you can never be truly lost unless you don't have your phone with you, which will like never happen. 

I don't think matured is the right word. I would still watch it. But there are so many other things to watch before I ever get around to watching South Park again. 

I think this is the first time I'm giving people more credit than you give them. So people don't understand the difference between hardware and software? People won't be able to imagine any sort of hardware that they'd want to put into a battle robot other than the obvious such as wheels? Then figure out the some of the challenges they might have with getting that hardware to work? Yeah I could see people having no clue on the software side. But the hardware side, people should be able to imagine some of the challenges. Knowing that a robot will get trashed is obvious. I thought about this a little more, and no programming might be required. We didn't need to program anything for my remote controlled cars or airplanes. It's fairly plug and play in a sense with that hardware. 

I agree with that delineation. At first I was going to group them as being related but on a spectrum. But someone can be both ignorant and stupid. Or one or the other or some level of either. 

Yeah I agree that you can learn and grow without self reflection. I was saying that no learning and no growth most likely correlates to no self reflection. 

This was only a chapter in the book. It's called Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell. It was discussing airplane crashes. So on commercial flights, there are two pilots: the captain and the first officer. They both handle flying the plane but the captain takes the lead.  Crashes result from a series of cumulative errors. These errors by themselves wouldn't cause a crash. But added together can cause a crash. So if both pilots are from highly individualistic countries, then there is less chance of a crash. This is because the pilots would work as equals rather than boss and subordinate. When people see each other as peers, they are more likely to speak up about an issue. In the case of both pilots being from collective countries or the captain is from an individualistic country and the first officer is from a collective country, then the first officer is less likely to speech up about an issue that the captain doesn't catch. For example, say the plane was on the tarmac in Detroit in the winter. The plane was deiced but then had to sit a little longer on the tarmac than expected. The first officer notices some ice build up on the wings. The first officer would use language that hints at the issue by saying something like "Captain do you think we should look at the wings again for ice?" If they mention it again, they might be a little more direct and say "I think the ice on the wings might be an issue" If the first officer was from an individualistic country, they would have been direct by saying "the ice on the wings is an issue". I'm sure you'll pick this all apart, but the chapter laid it all out better and used real life examples. They have the communication recordings from different flights that crashed. Everything is highly documented with airline crashes in most cases. 

Looking at how we are taught, the US being individualistic shouldn't be surprising. There's the idea of the American dream. If you work hard enough, you can have this great life here because of all of the opportunities it presents. It focuses on the individual, not the community. What you said about how history always focuses on the individuals that did great things, not everyone else that supported that person and made shit happen. It is disappointing and yeah the pandemic has highlighted this issue even more so. I don't think things will ever change here. 

Yeah a stoic person would limit negativity throughout that task. But I wouldn't call someone stoic for keeping a non-negative attitude while doing that task of hole punching.

An American that doesn't think we are individualistic is delusional or are in some fantasy world. That book I referenced gave examples of where some countries fall on the scale. For example, Colombia is not individualistic. But I don't know enough about their culture or other cultures to make a good guess as to whether those people would say their culture is individualistic or not.

Apu: That might've been your longest response yet so yeah the break helps 🤣
It's all TBD based on fan attendance policy so we're in wait and see and if it's approved, it'll be a race to finish.

How do you keep sane if you're just by yourself. Like some days I definitely wish it was just me but I also know there's something nice about having someone to break up a day to talk too that isn't a coworker wanting to talk about work.

I am slightly concerned that being in Denver as such a popular hiking spot that people might end up trying to do it at the same time but at least there's some room to move around vs. if I was say at Round Valley, there's more designated spots for people to be around. Yeah I could do Starbucks but that's still a public place so would rather keep to a home instead. 

With the tiktok world of dance, trust me, you can't be that bad.

Fair that some other types of art are less subjective but I was more thinking that because art is supposed to resonate or draw out some emotion, and people are complicated, that someone commenting on quality seems off to me because it just varies to much person to person.

Fun fact: I had a meeting to go to with a co-worker and and we were in a rush and without realizing, we left the office without our phones so yeah we had to just figure it out and easily could've gotten lost 🤣

I think most people have no idea what parts would be involved. Like what it takes to make arms or what material is needed for a body that's actually useful. I think most people don't know of different types of machinery material and where to get it and the guidelines to do so.

Yes agreed that if you are doing neither learning or finding was to grow, self reflection isn't really possible lol but idk how many people truly aren't learning, they just might take some extra time.

I have heard of outliers before! And I do get the example but I don't quite connect it to like the cultural mindset of community vs individualistic because I would think of it in the opposite structure. If you come from an individualistic place, it might be that you're only worried about yourself so it's up to the leader, not you, to identify issues. In a community setting, everyone is responsible for one another so people will weigh in more. I see this in some team work dynamic too. When everyone is for themselves, issues aren't raised cause they're looking for leadership to comment. I guess I'm not connecting community with hierarchy in that example. 

Well eventually you hope that enough small communities begin to connect on their similarities and accept differences that it makes basically a coalition to then find other coalitions and it builds and builds on the basis that different communities are engaging rather than small groups of individuals. That's probably the best we can hope for until a large generational change. Though the 60s were far more radical and had way more shit going on than we do and their revolution lasted like..half of the 1970s lol

What would you call someone who accepts, without any negative attitude, the task at hand despite the disinterest in that task?

We always hear how America is a melting pot and we all work together when really alot of people only do that do it out of self interest. 

I'd be interested to know how culturally Columbia acts in times of crisis as a barometer. Did they move as quickly as some APAC countries or as slow as us. Did they deny it for a long time because of other economic issues that would hurt the country more if exposed, similar to Brazil? I think we're seeing now that I'm an actual crisis, what values in a nation of region are coming out and how that reflects cultural mindsets. 

Me: Yeah it was pretty long lol. I gave you a little bit more of a break. But that's more because I clocked 35 hours at work since Wednesday this week. 
Well that's great that they are taking your proposals and doing something with some of them. That's big! Congrats! 

Idk. I guess that's one of the perks of being introverted. It's not like I had a ton of human interaction before the pandemic. Obviously going from some to none is significant. And I guess work provides some human interaction but with my job it's pretty minimal when compared to other jobs or even other engineers. I guess I stay sane by just staying occupied. A lot of it is Netflix. But I'm slowly getting back into the programming. My shitty May and June killed all motivation I had to do anything in general. But now I'm starting to get motivation back for stuff. 

Yeah it's hard to know what it would be like at popular hiking spots out west. The trails and camping spots will be varied wherever you goin in the US. Some trails could be narrow and some could be more open. Same thing with camping. Some places have tightly packed designated campsites and others have more spaced out spots but probably less spots. You would have to do some good research about the trails. I'm guessing a lot of trails will be relatively narrow. 
I understand you would want to avoid hanging out in a Starbucks due to the pandemic. But if you were on the road and needed to get access to wifi randomly for something work related, then you would have that option at least. 

I haven't been on tiktok, so I don't know what's on there lol. I don't have moves. I don't have rhythm. My coordination doesn't translate to dancing for some reason. 

Just because a work of art doesn't speak to you or draw any emotion, doesn't mean that you can't look at it objectively and say it took a lot of skill.

In that case, you deserve to get lost. You were ill-prepared on two fronts: being in a rush and not having your phone. I know you didn't have your phone as a result of being in a rush. But pocket check is the first thing you should do before going anywhere lol

I was thinking more big picture and looking at it at high level. You are thinking too much into the weeds. Yeah I may know more of the details and intricacies than a good amount of people. But if we go back to where this discussion of robot fighting started: robot fighting vs esports. I think people would know enough big picture stuff to know what initial hurdles they will face. A person could break it down: it needs to move, it needs to protect itself, it needs to have weapons. Those could then get further broken down. For being able to move: how would it move (wheels, threads, etc), what will provide the power to move it, how will I control it, etc. Taking this approach, a person could figure out if going into robot fighting is a good decision for them based on how much they know vs how much they need to learn vs how much motivation and determination they have. This approach of looking at big picture and then breaking things down into more detailed can be applied to a lot of things in life as a way to approach something in an organized way. 

Yeah it's hard for someone to not be truly learning. But if we look at what the Trump presidency has highlighted about society is that people can refuse to learn. They are presented with facts, but deny those facts based on their biases or misconceptions even though the facts disprove their misconceptions. So the people like that in a sense aren't learning. 

Well there's a lot more to it than I explained. There are some details I guess I missed because it was a lot to summarize. But I happened to look back at the chapter the other day. Gladwell (the author) discussed the Hofstede Dimensions in that chapter. In this case, power index and uncertainty avoidance were also mentioned in addition to individualism vs collectivism. Looking back, the power distance was more of a factor, but it relates to individualism / collectivism. You should read the book. It's a good read. 

Yeah with the BLM movement communities are coming together. But I guess all we can do is hope and try our best for there to be change and lasting change. But you look at Rodney King in 1991 vs George Floyd in 2020, has much changed over the past almost 30 years? I know you can cherry pick data points with anything, but on the front of racism and police brutality, it's a damning comparison.

I would say that person is doing their job. 

"America is a melting pot and we all work together" is propaganda. I imagine the majority of the US is not a "melting pot". There is still a lot of segregation in the US. Not Jim Crowe segregation, but where people live is not that mixed. That's a lasting effect of the past 200+ years of America. Yeah the US is diverse when looking at the big picture, but I imagine most communities in the US are not diverse. Yeah there are places like NYC where over 200 languages are spoken, but that's an exception. 

Yeah it would be interesting to see how they acted. I have some friends from Ecuador. One was telling me about how things have been there. But I'm not sure how quickly they acted. Ecuador had shut everything down. But I'm not sure how quickly they acted. The job market there is really rough. It was rough there before the pandemic, but now it's way worse. The job situation in the US doesn't look bad at all compared to somewhere like Ecuador. It would be interesting to see if there is a relation between cultural mind set and how they handled the pandemic. But I don't think Brazil is a good data point because their president is an idiot like Trump. Also super corrupt.

Me: You sent a picture.
Me: Are you getting these stupid texts?
Apu: I see you're at least keeping busy work wise!
The whole idea of not being around and talking to people is so foreign to me. I've never really had a job where I wasn't constantly talking to someone to get shit done.

Good that you're staying motivated! I've been lacking in being motivated but I did start trying to do 30 min workout 5x a week and that's been giving me some enthusiasm to then do other things. 

I'm trusting the person I'm going with on all that stuff. We already decided on black canyon and hiking to the bottom which looks like a real fucking nightmare but I said yes without looking so here we are lol and in 2 hours I'm going to lock in places cause we finally checked and the Wifi is strong enough for 2.

Maybe you have more formal coordination than freestyle? Like I can't just come up with shit that looks good but give me some steps and I'm pretty solid. I'm the Hideki Matsui of dancing if you will. 

I see your point there that some things can look like it took a lot of skill but I don't think because you have a skill means it's high quality. People can have the skill to use a brush but the quality in it (because quality can be subjective too) makes it difficult to say it's good.

Idk why we both forgot it cause normally I would too and I think it's because something else felt like it was in my pocket so I assumed it was it. But the larger point is that I can figure it out without it!

I think you're giving people to much credit on being able to break shit down because I spend most of my day talking to people to breakdown big ideas into managable steps and action items. I genuinely think people have a mental block on engineering process, even without the technical terms, about what could be done.

I think learning only works if you tie it to self interest, which is why in the trump example, it's easy to see why people don't; their narrative is more important to them than reason. No one likes to find out their world view is problematic and will defend it to the death. I'm reading a good book on how we can bridge that gap between people and right now it's describing studies that showed snap judgements occur whether we like it or not so we need to operate under the assumption that facts won't change and need to get at the underlying issue at the beginning of the conversation.

Malcolm Gladwell is a curious dude lol sometimes he forgets his humanity when he speaks and will oversimplify stuff. Maybe because his books cover it with better detail but I've seen Ted talks and other seminars from him and sometimes he misses like nuance in individuals over his collective info. Awhile ago I saw his take on the Paterno case and it was kind of like, Paterno was to dumb because he's just a coach and completely ignored the influence and power he had. Maybe it's just capturing him without enough time to explain himself. 

Yeah I talked about that with a few people when it started that is this going to be similar to the 20s, 60s, 80s, where minor change occurs and we all forget. Obviously we hope not and maybe social media and the internet is the tool to help push forward, something unavailable then. 

If that's people doing their job, I'm about to fire a fuck ton of people including myself lol I think most jobs have shitty aspects and we carry negative attitudes while even doing them.

I agree with you it's bullshit but suburbia and Midwest culture probably believes it because the pot is still mostly white and that makes them feel secure and semi-righteous

Yeah Bolsanro is a POS in a lot of ways but the two Brazilian friends I have kinda get his POV because they are worried about crime and the previous party and leadership didn't really change the way it was needed so I kinda get why you'd pick someone with a military background. But yeah I do think there will be studies soon about how different cultures reacted in a global pandemic in a connected age.

I am thankfully not getting those texts... Yet

Me: Last week was an exception. I never work overtime. But my boss was in a jam on a project, so I picked up the slack for everyone else. I could use the extra money too
In engineering, for me, the more talking you generally do, the less work you are getting done. 

My motivation isn't that high. But I'm slowly gaining it back. My shitty May/June destroyed all motivation I had. That's great! Working out really does help with multiple aspects in life, not just health. 

I'd hope you trust the person you are going with lol. Sounds like a good trip. That'll be fun. Grand canyon? What made you decide on that? So is this part of why you are working out?

Yeah definitely more formal coordination. I've never been taught moves. Since dancing doesn't come naturally to me, then of course I have no chance of being able to improvise lol. Are you sure that's not too high of a praise for yourself? Lol

Yeah you have to be able to put that skill to good use. But I think that is a whole separate thing. 

I'm glad you figured it out. But where you had to go, was it in an area completely new to you?

I probably am giving people too much credit in this case. Most of the time I don't give people enough credit. I was think that people could at least break down a car to the simplicity of it moves on wheels, it's powered by the engine, fueled by gasoline, controlled by a steering wheel. So if they could break down a car to that level, they could do the same for a robot. It's all very general, then they would easily realize they know nothing about the details of any of that or how it all works together, so trying to build a battle robot would be a bad idea. 

What I said is still right. You are just explaining why it's that way. Yeah no one like being wrong. It also ties into confirmation bias. People will seek out sources of information that confirm what they know/think to be true. People don't necessarily like change. So even if you figure out the underlying issue, it doesn't mean you can get them to change or even have a chance if getting them to change. 

He is a very interesting guy. He is part Jamaican, part swedish I think. Things he says may be considered an oversimplification, but that is because he is looking at overall trends in different aspects of society. When you look at general trends, of course you're not going to focus on the off shoot cases or the little nuances. But he makes good and valid points. His explanations may not be the end all explanation on something, but he does provide a lot of good insight and a different way of looking at aspects of society. His books do explain things a lot better. You can't make a good judgement on him just from some seminars. That's like saying you know everything about the harry potter series by watching just some of the movies. Even if you watch all of the movies, there is still so much lost compared to the books. I would be interested to hear his take on Paterno. But anyone that tries to defend Paterno is going to be on the wrong side of things in the eyes of society. 

I know my point was cherry picking. And yeah there have been minor changes over the years and it is easy to forget those changes. But people want significant changes. Changes that will have a major and lasting impact.

Yeah of course jobs have shitty aspects. No job is perfect. With most jobs, people should know what shitty aspects to expect. For me, I hate reviewing drawings, but if I want to design ships, buildings, or bridges, I know that reviewing drawings is part of it. 

Yeah I imagine some of those people think that because they are friends with white evangelicals when they are white protestant, that they are around "diversity". Some of those people have probably never left the county they've lived in their whole life lol

Your friends have an interesting take on Bolsanaro. Their thinking aligns with the people that think Trump would be a good president because he was a "good business man". Bolsanaro's military experience probably gives him more credit than Trump, but it's a narrow way of thinking. The girl I dated was military. She would defend republicans because republicans are known to be more pro-military than democrats. However, she would be defending republicans regardless of the shitty views that they have on a shit ton of other stuff, which matter more than our military. Such a narrow view. I would call it self-serving on her part, but she is no longer military. 
I imagine there will be those studies. But to do those studies well, they need to factor in a lot. You could generalize, but then the studies will just be pushed aside as being oversimplifications. You can still learn some good stuff from the generalizations though. 

Lucky you! I've started to get a couple. I just delete them right away. I would love to click on the links. But it's too risky.

Apu: Trying to make a big upcoming purchase? 
That makes sense to me because you guys do actual work to get things done, where my job is just to make sure people are getting it done and know their parameters. 

Two days ago I was just sitting outside after a workout and I felt like a million bucks so I totally get it. I never felt that before when I used to run cause it was so mindless but actually mixing it up keeps me motivated. If I had your summer dude, I'd feel demotivated for so much longer lol

Well I trust that we can get along for a month vs not end up hating each other. I definitely have friends that are better in doses. We just sorta agreed on Colorado since she'd hadn't been and I only went when I was 8. And then from there if it goes well, we might just continue around. We both just want to try hiking. And yes that's like 70% of the reason to get in shape because I just agreed without realizing the challenge and can't back out now!

I bet with a little liquid courage and a more formal setting you're be pretty good because you're naturally an athlete with decent control of your body. And it might be me to teach you but I'd bet you learn pretty quick.

"Good use" to me is where it becomes subjective!

Yeah in that part of NYC it wasn't numbered so it was just memory of knowing which street to come out of and then looking for landmarks.

I would bet if you asked non STEM people in your car example, half would totally forget the engine and would say the pedal powers it. Like they understand it's functionality in the context of their usage, not in the overall usage.

I think that why matters most though because there's a difference between confirmation bias / believing our narrative vs. incompetence or incomplete information. If I walk into your job I'm pretty dumb but that's not from seeking confirmation bias, it's my incompetence at your type of work. But if you start with assuming people are too dumb to understand vs. maybe something deeper about their beliefs, you might be able to get them to overcome their negative thinking and get them to help. It's just more hope for better person to person relationship building and maybe we all won't hate each other so much.

https://www.theringer.com/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2019/9/18/20871778/malcolm-gladwell-bill-simmons-kanye-tirades-sandra-bland-donald-sterling-joe-paterno start at 50 so you can hear the lead up to his point. Harry Potter is a good example because I hear that all the time about books vs movies but I love a few of those movies quite a bit but I've only fully read 1 and 4 and was meh on them. Loved me 3 & 5 for film.

I also want change too but I also know shit ain't gonna change that much any time soon. One thing that really saddened me was the thinking that when the older generation dies out we'll have more educated/nuanced people and that's just the way society would continually progress but seeing young and vile kids getting propped up is disheartening to say the least.

How many people do you know in your workplace that do the shitty part of the job without complaint or frustration? 

I can see why people wouldn't leave though, it's uncomfortable and that's scary I'd you haven't been taught to deal with change appropriately. 

Those 2 people also are probably more affluent than those being oppressed so while I can understand their view and need to protect themselves, it wouldn't surprise me if they're representative of a larger population that really really really hated the last govt for never making the changes initially promised.

I imagine these studies will probably take place regionally and you'd have to somewhat already understand cultural nuances to make reasonable conclusions about the data.

I get a few messages from ActBlue because I've donated politically but not from the GOP side. 

Me: Well I still need to buy a couch. But also May and June were expensive months that I did not see coming so it would be nice to recoup some of those losses. 
So pretty much your job is useless?

See! You are finally getting it! It's a matter of finding the right workout for you. You're not going to return to the workout if you don't enjoy it. I need running because that's the only time I can truly clear my mind. My mind is constantly going when I'm not running. 

Damn! A month is a long time! And with a girl! Hahaha. Are friends that you can only deal with in doses really that good of friends though? When are you leaving for this trip? Have you gone hiking much before? You sure it's a good idea to base a trip around something that you don't have much experience in and not sure if you'll enjoy it? Are you sure you are going to be in good enough shape by then?

I need more than a little liquid courage hahaha

I don't think "good use" is always subjective. 

Going off memory takes away from the story. It would be different if you were in a completely new location that you had never been to before. 

So non STEM people just think the front 25% of the car is just for looks? That there's nothing in that portion of the car that serves purpose?

You walking into my job is not a good example. It's not like you'd be walking into it claiming you know what you're talking about or doing. Also, confirmation bias and incompetence both come from having incomplete information. Confirmation bias is something that can happen when you seek out new information. Incompetence is just a state before you seek out new information. 

I was confused at first why he ever talked about Paterno in a seminar, but he was talking about Paterno because his new book discussed Paterno. I listened to that segment from the podcast. They discussed Paterno for no more than 2 minutes. You misrepresented and spun that segment. He wasn't calling Paterno dumb. Gladwell was pointing out that it's ridiculous to expect a football coach to handle that situation in the way that an expert would handle it. Also, that since he is not an expert on those situations because he's just a football coach. Paterno reported it to his superiors. Gladwell did not mention anything about influence. The length of that segment is the same thing the media does to twist what people say. It's not long enough to truly capture their viewpoint.  

I'm not convinced that when the older generation dies that will lead to progress. Our country is becoming more polarized. I'm not sure if that polarization is between generations or also within generations. 

I don't know many people in my workplace. But most of the people in my group don't complain about the work. 

What about dealing with change properly?

Yeah I understand why they hold those views and support Bolsanaro. But that doesn't change my point about the narrow mindedness. That narrow viewpoint can actually hurt you. 

I'm not convinced about these studies being done properly. There's too many hypotheticals right now. I guess we will just have to wait and see. 

How much have you donated politically this race? I'm guessing ActBlue is left leaning?

Me: Happy Birthday!!!!
Apu: Thanks bud! Will get to the thread at some point...
Me: Of course! Yeah eventually lolFeeling old? Doing anything special today?

Apu: Alright I am now officially in colorado lol so here we go
Don't feel old, just spent time with Rachna as I do every year, went to a wonderful little area in Englewood Cliffs.

Time to craigslist a couch to save some money, though in covid, might need to super clean it 

My job is necessary as most people don't actually connect dots well, they stay in their lane

Well at UMass I was kinda like that, where running kept my mind clear and calmed me down but eventually it stopped so I needed to find something else. I think being here, I'm going to find additional exercises too since I have a little more time in my day.

I think I have plenty of people that are in doses and like maybe 6-7 that it's consistent, but also, that's reflective on me when it comes to patience and a level of compatibility. I'll be here from now till 10/24 but no return trip planned yet! I've done like hiking in jersey, nowhere near this level but I think the feeling of accomplishment and exercise is worth the challenge ahead of me. And also, it's just a whole different vibe than Branchburg so it's probably going to trigger my curiosity and that's something I need in a different form besides books, podcasts, masterclasses, etc. The in shape question is fair...and I don't have a good answer lol

You're better than you realize because you're an athlete though! Control of body and timing is key to developing rhythm and you have it.

Not always, of course some things have a tangible improvement to show good use but I think there's enough variance to put types of art into question, and I think, generally speaking, that's for the better.

Then it's just guessing if it's a new completely new area no? I guess I could be real boy scout and go by the sun and stars...

Not exactly. More like, they know there's some shit under the hood but difficult to connect how it matters unless it's within the context of their experience.

I think it is a good example because the context is that understanding the why can't help with the gap for people to learn. So if you understand that I'm less educated in your field and know it, you may find that educating me needs to start at a different point than say, I'm less educated but I think I'm not. The first is incompetence that, strategically speaking, you might approach differently than breaking down my confirmation bias / narrative that I think I know. And knowing how to approach that conversation is valuable in building relationships and helping people learn and grow to me.

I was saying that he ignores paterno's influence and that's a key thing to leave out and painted it as he's not an expert. Like, yes of course, he's a coach, not an expert in sexual assault, but saying Paterno is just a coach, to me, is an understatement because of his influence on his staff and his environment. And saying he just reported it to his superiors and he's unaware of what is happening with his staff ks, again just to me, not inclusive of his actual capabilities as a leader. Coaches are not just tacticians on the field, they're supposed to be able to emotionally connect with people. It's how they keep them motivated, how they earn trust right? Yes he's not going to lead the investigation and comprehend the scale of sexual assault, but to says he's not going to be alert to what his coaches are doing or feeling when that's part of the job of a leader? And yeah a two minute sound bite is not comprehensive of anyone's full viewpoint but the larger point I feel about him, which is that sometimes he sometimes misses nuances when he's speaking to his point, I think it shows there by not talking about his influence and his capabilities. It's why I don't really write him off because he does draw conclusions that I can see connect on but I'm sometimes skeptical of him.

I mean I used to think that, now it's a bit more of a question to me. I do think we're more polarized and it's getting worse but it's not unprecedented but I haven't been able to fully understand where it's coming from from the side I'm not on and that is disheartening.

Did you see the same attitude at your previous place? Maybe it's more specific to my field than I realize

Not following the question about dealing with change? Is that about Brazil's previous leader?

Oh 1000000% agree it can and probably does hurt you and the people those views impact, but knowing why they do and how to make them feel understood, I think, is as important as knowing the consequence of their viewpoint because they need to be understood to be changed.

Agreed that the good studies will probably come out in a few years. Maybe in one year we'll see some bullshit ones to drive some narrative but actual information is tbd.

I'm across a few races where I think it's close enough that donation might put it over the top to remove people I think are in the way changes I'd like to see. It's probably $500 across 4 campaigns at various points. Yeah I think ActBlue is close, if not entirely used by candidates on the left side. 

Me: Congrats! I was starting to think you died since you took so long to respond. How long did it take you to get there? Drove in the Lexus?
At least you did something. There's not really many options in these times. 

I just bought a couch from a store. It wasn't cheap but I'm never buying a used couch from a stranger. I'm paying for it by working overtime. So it's almost like the couch is free. 

Your job is useful because people need to go back to pre-school to learn how to connect dots?

Well if you aren't running anymore, how are you working on cardio?

You mention compatibility, which is kind of goes along with what I was saying about are they really that good of a friend. I'm sure I have friends that I can only take in doses. But not everyone is going to be / has to be your best friend. 
Shouldn't you at least have some idea of your return trip? That's a long time! Hiking in NJ hardly counts. Well it won't give you a good idea of what hiking would be like in Colorado. 

I imagine my view on my dancing would change after some instruction. 

Yeah I said not always. 

I guess it's guessing in a sense. But some people just have a natural sense of direction. I'm not saying I have a good natural sense of direction. But when I went to Barcelona. I didn't have a map to rely on because my phone wasn't working right away. I managed to get to the part of town that I was trying to get to. 

That's pretty sad if non-stem people do not know why an engine is important to a car, even in the most basic of understanding. 

What you are getting at is just a basic piece of effective communication: knowing your audience. Say there was a new development in building design and I wanted to write an article on it. How I word that article depends on who my audience is: the average person or architects. That applies to any form of communication. 

Yeah I agree that he ignores paterno's influence, but it's also only a two minute sound bite. So it's not indicative of Gladwell's full viewpoint on Paterno. I can see why you are skeptical of Gladwell, but do you really know much about his viewpoints and conclusions to make an educated opinion of him? 

It's a big question. It think it's a combination of polarization between generations, but also within generations. The internet has helped fuel this polarization. So unless things change on the internet for the better, then I don't see the country getting less polarized. Yeah there are other factors to the polarization of the US, but I think the internet is one of the bigger, if not the biggest factor. This level of polarization is not unprecedented?

At my previous place, if people were complaining, it would only be about the long hours. But that's because everyone was worked to death. 

I was trying to understand what you meant about dealing with change properly lol

I agree understanding why is important. But that doesn't guarantee that their viewpoint can be changed

I'm sure there will be stuff put out in a year or less just to make headlines. But as you said to drive some narrative. And there will probably be a ton of misinformation. 

$500 is not exactly a small amount. I've never considered donating to campaigns because my donation would be such a small sum of money that it would be like a drop in the bucket. But yeah donating in what you expect to be a close race is probably the best use of money in terms of donating to a campaign.

Apu: So the Lexus has been gone for a bit lol since I moved to BKN, we got rid of it because there was no point to keep it. We did a rent a car and it took 2ish days. First day we got to Toledo, 2nd day we got to Omaha, now Denver for 10 days. Now we're in spot 2. I'll eventually pass through photos but we've done five hikes and it's been good. 
I still can't believe your job has overtime. I'd make so much more money if I did. And I actually wouldn't care about a used couch depending on the condition, though maybe during Covid it's not the right time.

You'd be surprised, I work with lots of brilliant technical people in the creative world that need managing because they're just so in the weeds in their work they miss the connections and we have to remind them.

The hiking definitely helps for cardio but I'm just trying to build the habit to be a bit more well rounded in exercises. I go through 3 different apps that just go through different workouts. Sometimes the exercise are the same but on the whole, it keeps me regular in trying to find time to do it. My issue is commitment and not feeling bored so this helps break up what feels boring.

I think being a good friend is through like trust that they're respectful of you, will help you, and will keep your feelings in mind primarily, then compatibility comes from like shared interests. I have a few friends where we maybe only have 2-3 things in common but there's alot of trust there and the time we have, I can enjoy but I also know it's different if we spent more time together, it would just be alot.

You would think we'd have some plan but the car rental can be extended and we haven't planned stops back yet. Absentee ballot is in and my dad is authorized so I've got no real reason to be in Jersey. 

Maybe for your birthday I'll send you dance classes 😁

What did you do in Barcelona to get around? 

Not that they don't know why it's important, I think most people know it is but they can't really pinpoint at a high level why or even how it works. I would bet more people would say that it powers the car or it makes it go but not a conceptual level of how. It's not like theyll know about pistons and valves and a spark plug. And then there's like the deeper level of how combustion works that would be super clear. I just don't think people have that general working knowledge cause they probably don't think they'll need it.

Yes it knowing your audience but knowing what will make them change is hard to crack. I wrapped that book I mentioned and he provided a framework to potentially find better connection points across values so you can actually relate and then bring done their guard a bit to have an honest conversation. Your right that all communication needs to start with knowing your audience but that framework changes subject to subject, person to person and identifying it and knowing how to tackle requires some nuance and experience.

For the time they do talk, I think it's not great that he misses something like that. Of course I don't know a comprehensive amount about his POV on many subjects but the few I do know like Paterno or his ted talks about goliath or spaghetti make me skeptic of him for what I mentioned, he tends to try keep it simple. Not to write him off, but I'll probably be more critical of someone like him vs say Simon Sinek, who resonates a bit more with me even though they both talk about human behavior and it's impact on society or business. 

Yeah the internet and it's wild west of misinformation is definitely the leading contender in the problem and the echo chambers it creates. What do you mean by within generations. That they're passing their beliefs down and it's not outweighing the overall changes we see in society? And yeah this is not unprecedented. We had a civil war, we had a way more active civil rights movement that was calling for more difficult to accept change for the time. It's just technology is  speeding it up.
 
That's pretty much the same complaint I have, long hours for less money.

I was going for people are sometimes raised with complacency and that there wasn't much immediate change so when there are big shifts, they do much back.

Probably means we should ignore it for now and wait for more comprehensive information.

I think donations are just the more reasonable actions I can do politically that won't make me want to bash my head in. Like people who phone bank and try to get their POV across in a phone call seems like you're asking for rejection.

Me: You've probably mentioned that about the Lexus before, but I forgot. Did you see any sites along the way, or was the focus just driving? How long / tough were these hikes?
Why is that hard to believe that I get paid for overtime? I got paid for overtime at my previous job. A bunch of my friends get paid for overtime. Maybe it's more common in engineering. These past few weeks, I chose to work overtime. Normally I avoid working overtime because I would rather spend that time doing other stuff. Covid changes priorities when you're stuck in your apartment. 

Well that's typically how it works. If you're in the weeds, then you're not management. The more you fall into the roll of management, the less detail you work with. Of course there will be exceptions to that though. 

Yeah you definitely need to a range of exercises in your workout routines. My running significantly improved once I started lifting in undergrad. Commitment seems like the most common issue for people. It's good that you are figuring out what works best for you so that you can stay committed and achieve your goals. Do you think these 3 apps will keep you going with this routine indefinitely?

Of course there are many factors to what makes a good friend. I was just thinking that if you can only spend so much time around them, then that would limit the level of friendship. 

I was thinking that where you would stay would be a limiting factor. But I guess you can book places to stay as you figure it out. Where are you staying? I guess there is no rush to get home. But I imagine it can get relatively expensive. What do you mean your dad is authorized?

Well my bday is a long ways away. You wouldn't want to be my instructor?

I walked everywhere. The only time I didn't walk was to go to and from the airport lol. On New Years Eve, I hiked Mount Tibidabo, then I walked to Camp Nou and toured the museum and stadium. Then walked more around the city. Then went back to my hotel to shower. Then went to dinner with friends. Then was out partying and drinking until 4am. That was 22 miles walking up until midnight (see pic below). The most walking was 26 miles in one day. 

I'm not saying non-stem people should know how an engine works, or that they should know about pistons and combustion. But they should know at least that the engine is part of the system that allows a car to move and that it provides the power. 

Of course the framework changes from subject to subject and person to person. That's like the definition of "audience" in "know your audience". What book is this? Yeah it helps to have a good framework for developing a conversation, but getting people to change is a very complex thing. 

It sounds like you don't know anything comprehensive about his POVs though. Did he talk about Paterno in one of those TED talks? I don't know anything about Simon Sinek, but The Infinite Game is on my list of books to read. Have you read much from Sinek?

So polarization across generations would be the case where millennials drift further away from boomers in terms of ideals and such. Polarization within generations would be the drifting apart in ideals and such between people in the same generation. I understand why it would not be unprecedented. But in a sense, it is unprecedented. Now is significantly different in some ways from those points in time you listed. 

Less money? As in less money than engineers make? You made it sound like they take money away from you by working more hours lol

Yeah some people are definitely raised with complacency, but that can be intertwined with people not liking change, so then they don't change.

Exactly! I think a lot of the times people jump to conclusions before getting more comprehensive information. 

I still think that most of the time for the bigger elections, a donation is more of a drop in the bucket. Yeah every bit helps. But I think you donating to close races is the key aspect. What do you mean phone bank?

Me: You sent a picture.
Apu: So some unfortunate news: if you recall my aunt who lived with us from like 09-12 with her daughter, she passed away in India due to covid so been a little shook/grieving for it, hence the late reply. Back home obviously and we're all slowly feeling a little better but still a little sad.
As for the thread quickly:
Hiking is 100% not my thing, or at least not at the pace I was doing. Maybe a little slower but not sure other people would enjoy and I don't think I would if I did it alone. The hikes ranged from a few thousand to like 9k elevation and the distance loop I think we maxed at 7 miles. 

Maybe it's more standard in technical fields, on the biz side, I don't know anyone that gets paid OT. It's just part of the deal that you work till you're done. What do you think you'll do with extra cash? Save or maybe invest or get yourself something dope?

I mean even their creative managers, they need to be in the weeds too, so it helps to have someone that stays outside and big picture, even at my lowly semi-manager role.

Maybe I should try lifting too if it'll help running. I tried a little bit in Colorado but I think the altitude quickly got to me anyway. I think I'll stick with them until I actually feel like I want to workout lol I still think of it as a chore instead of something to look forward too.

What do you think makes a good friend? Besides texting back reasonably!

We can chat through the trip later but we basically did 2 weeks in Denver, 1 week in a place called Ignacio, which is very south, than a week up in the mountains so yeah it got expensive quickly lol thankfully no rent so I was basically just covering that cost. 

For the ballot, you need to have someone authorized to drop off the form once complete, but now that I'm back I did it myself.

I think it might get to hot and heavy as your instructor, like right out if a porno.

Oh yeah I remember now you telling me how much walking you did. 26 is pretty goddamn wild, might've destroyed your shoes in the process. 

I think non-Stem people know that much but when we were talking about robotics initially and how you broke down the process, I think it was at a deeper level than knowing that singular component for action but the other considerations to go from one action to multiple actions that make robotics competitive, and that's what I think someone in a STEM field think through more than non-STEM. They're interested in the mechanics and the outcome vs some people are just more outcome oriented. 

I see knowing your audience is knowing what to say to communicate intent vs motivation to change. Yes sometimes the intent is to motivate but I also think alot of times it's more to educate. 
The book is called the Righteous Mind (I know awful title but give it a chapter). 

I don't think I have a comprehensive POV on any author, it's why I don't write him off, it's just being skeptical from what I do know vs Sinek, who I know slightly more because I've read and listened too more than Gladwell. I've read two of his books, Leaders Eat Last and Start With Why and they're helpful business and personal life. 

So which type of polarization do you think is more of an issue? That we're infighting between our generation or that we aren't really connecting with the previous generation? There are things that are worse but there are also things that are better, just not better enough for being content. 

That would be an incredible business model if that for every hour you worked over 40 hours, you'd loss $30 an hour because you should've done it in 40 🤣

Feel like it's chicken or the egg, if you're raised to be complacent, any change is an issue but if you're not good with change, complacency is comfortable. 

Well in the meantime, people can enjoy making money speculating 💰

It's just calling people and stressing the importance of voting, or if you pick a party, stressing why their candidate. That's not really my sweet spot, I'd rather hear smart people who disagree with me and talk about those differences than try to convince anyone in a political discussion, which has low odds of convincing anyone in the first place.

Me: Damn! I'm really sorry to hear that. I thought you were taking awhile to reply because you were busy doing stuff on your trip. How have your parents been holding up since finding out? Have you taken time off from work to mourn?
Those sound like some solid length hikes and significant change in elevation. I wasn't expecting you to like hiking much lol. That's why this trip seemed out of place for you. 

Well from what I've seen, once you get to a certain pay grade essentially, you stop getting paid overtime. In technical fields, especially employees at entry level and slightly above, they typically have tangible output, whether it is an analysis, a design, some calculations, a report, etc. But in non-technical fields, especially ones that involve a lot of management, the output is not tangible. I imagine this difference plays a big role in how companies produce estimates and submit proposals / bids for a project. It is probably easier to estimate the amount of hours it will take me to run some calcs since there is a lot of data on how long it takes someone to run those calcs based on previous projects. 
Well I bought a couch with some of that money. It's a sleeper sofa. So if you ever visit (post-covid). I bought a new hard drive for my laptop because I ran out of space. Then I'm probably going to buy a new TV. I'll probably just invest the rest. I got employee of the month for August, which earned me a $100 Amex gift card. Then last week, they awarded me employee of the quarter which was a $1000 bonus. Do you have any suggestions on what I should buy?

Well yeah all management can't be completely out of the weeds. They need to make sure everything meets the quality they expect. 

Well when you go for a run, do your muscles give out first, or your lungs? The weaker of the two is what holds you back. When I would train for soccer in high school by going for runs, I could feel my legs get tired first. But the two are coupled. When your leg muscles aren't strong enough, then your lungs have to work harder. I probably have a sense of how that high altitude makes your lungs feel because of my pulmonary emboli. How do you feel after a workout? Even for me working out can feel like a chore. But that is normally an initial mental hurtle. Once I start my workout, then the feeling of it being a chore typically goes away. One of the things that makes it not feel like a chore is the feeling I know I get after a good workout. I typically feel better after a run than after a lifting workout. But that's just me. That feeling after a run is typically referred to as a runner's high. I think the problem for non-runners that try to get into running is that they expect this euphoric experience after the run. I think using "runner's high" gives a false impression about the post-run experience. Yeah there is an increase in serotonin, but it's not the same feeling that you get from actually being on drugs lol. Also, I get a better feeling after my run the more I push myself on a run. So I get more out of an 8 mile run than a 3 mile run. Which I think is another factor for non-runners. They give up too soon on a run and not get the post-run experience, which ties into the false expectations of "runner's high". 

A good friend would have the same traits as what I expect in a partner minus the romantic aspect. The fewer of those traits that they have, the less good of a friend I would expect. But it's very circumstantial and there are exceptions. But also, a person can have a lot of positive traits, but it can take just one really negative trait (like stealing from you) to ruin that. 

Well it sounds like a solid trip and it sounds like you found it well worth it. 

You didn't want to mail the ballot?

Of course that's the reason you wouldn't be my instructor lol

It was more the bottom of my feet that got destroyed than the bottoms of my shoes lol

If you are trying to get into something new, in this case it was robot fighting, you can't just think about the outcome before you get into it. You have to think about the means. Otherwise, you are setting yourself up for failure due to poor planning. 

I see "knowing your audience" as encompassing all of that. 
If some random person told me to read a book with that title, I would immediately decline. The full title is slightly better. But I don't know if I could read a book about religion and politics. Those are two things that frustrate me. I would expect books on those topics to not be an enjoyable read for me. 

It's good to be skeptical. The point I was driving at was that your opinion of someone, regardless who it was, seemed the equivalent of saying "I know everything about Harry Potter because I saw a trailer for one movie but didn't see any of the movies nor read any of the books". Those books sounds self-help-ish. Another genre of books I avoid. 

I don't have any data on any of this other than what I see in the news and on the internet. Neither of which provide great data lol. Regardless of the level of polarization between generations, I think that if the polarization within generations is significant enough, then it would be more of an issue. I'm assuming the polarization between generations is proportional to the difference in average age of the two generations being compared. In the US, I think all of the generations younger than boomers are more closely aligned on ideals and beliefs on average. In other words, I belief boomers are a distant island compared to a tighter grouping of islands of the younger generations. Regardless of that, any issues caused by polarization between generations are solved by the oldest generation dying off. So polarization within a generation can have longer lasting effects. But in the big picture, if each generation has polarization within itself, that can have the same overall effect as polarization between generations, but it can't be solved by a single generation dying off. 

It would be a great business model. I doubt any employee would buy into that model, but there is strong incentive to not work over 40 hours lol.

It does feel like chicken or the egg lol

If you want to make money off speculating, you are probably better off buying stocks lol

That's what I thought you meant by phone bank. It's just another form of advertising. I think this goes back to the political polarization discussion. If US politics is becoming more polarized, then there are possibly less people that can be swung. Or the two ends of the spectrum that make it look really polarized are just the loud minorities

Apu: I probably won't be around this weekend as we have some random wedding things to cover off with my sister on but maybe a little late night if around? 
Me: I see how it is. Favoring your sister over me. It's almost as if family is more important
Apu: I SWEAR ITS MARGINAL. 
Me: It doesn't appear to be just marginal
Apu: Appearances are deceiving !
Also did my last big response go through? 

Me: So I'm just supposed to take your word here when actions say otherwise?
Nope. Just short texts from you

Apu: WE HAVE A HISTORY, WHAT ABOUT THISE ACTIONS.
About to resend

Me: We do have a history. But this latest action was a slap in the face
Apu: Did the bigger thread come through this time? 
Me: Nope lol
Apu: Gonna break it up .. we've found a maximum point 
Me: Oh boy haha
Apu: Appreciate it and family has taken it as expected, generally fine but still some somberness. I did take off a little and talking with family in India but on the whole, just focusing on acceptance and not feeling so sad.
The person I want with was a super hiker so I had to push myself lol there were def days where the elevation got to me but I'm glad I did it. And now that I'm back and exercising, it feels alot easier on my lungs. 

Good point on the level of the role, I doubt directors or anyone 6 figured is getting OT and it just gets built into their salary. 

I am thinking of another trip in Jan so maybe I'll come through DC 😃

Good shit on employee of the month! I recommend nothing but investing and saving for any health stuff right now lol laptop makes sense, t.v. you can probably get a good deal this month, maybe splurge on a gift for your parents this year for Xmas but otherwise, hold on to it until things open up again. I imagine prices will also go up as companies look to cover costs.

That's why my job exists basically, someone to keep mgmt far out of the way and keep the client happy. 

My legs give out first now after a month away but before I think it was about even. I assume no update on the embolism check ins? Everything going as expected? 

Most workouts I feel tired and it's still a chore even when I'm doing it, every once in awhile I get that good one that makes me feel super accomplished or runners high but I def want to avoid the expectation that I'll feel that high everytime. Though with NJ legalizing week, maybe I will workout and then smoke after. The pushing yourself definitely helps, like when we went to do one hike that was closed and we just had to drive half the trip to a different entrance point, finishing it didn't feel as good as lesser hikes where we did the whole thing and we had to push and push.

So what do you want in a romantic partner then? 

I was worried about USPS so I just held it, though obviously it didn't matter because BIDENNNNN! My indifferent pick of the democrats was the winner! God what a dull week of waiting.

We can try next time but you're gonna have to wear a full suit condom to be safe. 

Maybe you just need better shoes? 

Apu: Did you get part 1...
Me: Yeah got part 1. Damn! Not exactly short hahaha 
Apu: I agree if you want to participate but if you want to just watch, not all the means and process are necessary to know. Some people want to just focus on the outcome. Like the reason people like Tony Romo is because he explains the means of the game, the strategy and execution. Does that reduce the impact kd6 Al Michaels or Bob Costas? I'd say no because I think most people don't care as much vs. the outcome. 
Despite the title, the book doesn't come off as preachy and I usually am skeptical about anything religion or politics oriented because eventually bias sets in, and that's okay when it's acknowledged and the book does a decent job not bringing in personal POVs and calling out sources that may skew results, which I think is what can mostly be expected. 

Lemme clarify now then that I don't think know about most things enough to have a whole and/or unchangable opinion but that I range in my views through skepticism. I'm more skeptical of some than others and on the whole, try to understand multiple POVs before thinking through my own. I'm also wrong alot so 🤷🏾‍♂️

Less self help and more anectodal, they don't really say do x y z but more here are patterns to what other people do and some potential explanations as to why it works. 

Surprised on the boomer takeaway, I would've thought that Gen X and Boomers are tight while Millennial and Gen Z are tight. 

I would 100% work for a place that said be done everyday at 5pm or else and then relax knowing I can't get extra done or I'll get charged 😉

I'm quite shit at buying stocks too lol I haven't really learned how to read it in a way to make money vs. coming in to late. Maybe a good winter project to just sit and learn. 

Well Democrats went with Joe Biden, a real moderate with GOP relationships and while a portion are just anti trump, I'm sure many were also interested in less progressive ideas so maybe not as divided as we think. 

Apu: Part 2
Me: Got part 2 lol. I'll respond eventually. Don't want to make you feel bad by responding right away haha
Apu: I was getting concerned when it was like ten days 
Me: Why were you concerned? You have control over when you respond
Apu: If it's more than 2 days I think you hate me 
Me: Why would you think that?
Me: Hangout tomorrow evening?
Apu: Late night? 
Me: How late?
Apu: 9ish? 
Me: I'll be around. Not sure about Soheyl and Navid lol
Apu: Wells have to figure out a socially distant space but let's see what happens! 
Me: You mean anywhere outside? Lol
Apu: IT'S COLD SIR
Me: I'm hanging out with Soheyl and Navid outside. We always used to hangout outside regardless of the season
Apu: You young folk with your young blood 
Me: Lol just wear more layers, old man
Apu: Some random things moving around, you wanna do some trail hike around here at like 330ish? 
Me: I'm still in VA at the moment lol
Apu: ....ignore me, get home safe lol 
Me: Sorry I haven't invented teleportation yet. On my to do list lol
I'll be home around 5pm maybe

Apu: Whatever else is ahead on your list is absolutely meaningless compares to teleportation.

HMU when you settle in 

Me: Netflix has been playing interference. So yeah meaningless
Me: Free whenever
Me: You still free at 9pm?
Apu: Probably sooner rather than later 
Me: Since when do you not operate on Indian time?
Apu: RACIST
Apu: But yes, recently 
Me: 😱🤯😱🤯
Apu: Redington
Apu: Outside! 
Me: Yeah it's never easy. Everyone handles these things differently. You just have to let yourself go through it's process. 
What do you mean by "super hiker"? They are in really great shape? Or they just know a lot about hiking and the outdoors? I bet the elevation is a weird feeling when you are not used to it. 

You would hope that their salary at least accounts for the expected overtime to some degree. But at my previous company, the project managers (who would have around 8 years experience plus a MS degree) did not seem to get paid enough to account for 60 hours each week. People knew it was a pay decrease when you got promoted to project manager because that's when you stopped getting paid for overtime. 


Nice! Another road trip? Heading south to warmer weather?

I also got employee of the quarter. Do you find employee of the month more impressive? Lol
Well it was just a hard drive for my laptop. Fortunately I don't see myself needing a new laptop for many years. Couch and hard drive were definite needs. A TV would just be my splurge but they are cheap. I have already invested everything that I could. I'm pretty content with how my investments are looking now. Fingers crossed that I don't have anymore unforseen big medical expenses. I've had too many of those in the past 1.5 years. 

And that's when middle mangenent was created as a position lol

Well the two are coupled, so it can be hard to distinguish which is holding you back: lungs or legs. When your lungs are struggling, your muscles are not getting enough oxygen, so they will tire faster. When your muscles are struggling, they need more oxygen, so your lungs have to work harder. 
I'm just waiting for my next appointment with the hematologist, which is 12/17. I'm finally up to running just over 3 miles. But my recovery is going much slower than expected and those 3 miles are a major struggle. Either my clots are dissolving slower than the doctors anticipated, or there is permanent lung damaged. Maybe I'm just being paranoid about the latter. 

Do you do some form of warmup as part of exercising? I don't. But I find that once I have warmed up and my heart rate is elevated, that's when I start to feel better during the workout. You definitely don't want to smoke before, otherwise you won't get any workout in lol. Also, if you don't push yourself, then you might now progress in the way that you hoped or expected. That can be demotivating, which can take any joy out of working out. 

I guess I don't know what I want in a romantic partner. All of my relationships have been a disaster. So I keep finding what I don't want. 

Yeah I was somewhat worried about USPS, but I got lazy and just gave in to mailing it lol. Biden was the safe pick out of the democrats, which is why the DNC was doing anything to prevent someone more progressive from winning the primaries. The week was very anticlimactic.

Condoms can break. So would a full suit condom really do much? Lol

The shoes I was wearing were not meant for that much walking in a short period of time. But my feet got torn up when we were running from the party to the part of downtown where the fireworks were so that we didn't miss them lol

Yeah but we were talking about participating, not watching. Completely different things. Not sure of anything where those would result in fair comparisons. 

I'm open to any book that supports statements with facts and data. But a book centered around politics and religion is a huge turnoff. 

Sounds like your skepticism is from not knowing much. Maybe you need to start learning more lol. 

A book that is anecdotal is just as bad as self-help in my eyes. 

Well I did caveat my explanation / view. I don't think I know any one that is Gen X lol. So I don't think I have anything to go based on for Gen X. I could see that that thought process for Gen X being more aligned with boomers. Maybe they are too varied to apply any sort of generalization. 

What if your boss said you need to get a certain task done by end of tomorrow or you are fired, but you don't expect to have enough hours to get it done unless you work overtime?

While young is the time to play around with stocks. But I'm content just investing in some index funds. It's the safe way. But at least they are expected to always go up in the long run.

Yeah Biden is moderate. But in terms of global politics, Biden is still right of center. Bernie would be just left of center. The average Democrat in the US is just right of center. Our left is not really that left. It's just happens to be left of our right. US politics is weird.

Apu: NOTICE ANYTHING DIFFERENT 
Me: Is there supposed to be a pic? Lol
Apu: I for some reason thought you had an iPhone again 
Me: You got an iphone??? 😱🤯😱🤯
Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: So it condenses our threads so it's now more annoying to respond lol gotta figure out how to open it 
Apu: Yeah I switched over since I'm off the Samsung account in a month and thanksgiving sale 
Me: You open the thread by clicking on the arrow at the bottom right of that thread. 
But why switch? iPhone only makes sense if you are fully in the Apple ecosystem

Apu: It ends up looking like a note so I'd have to like read the line, leave it and respond in the text box then go back and open it up again
Apu: You received a picture.
Apu: Oh and I also got a new laptop because after five years mine died so yeah I'm in the ecosystem 
Me: That sucks! Regretting the decision now? Lol
You really did go all in. 

Check your snapchat

Apu: I just need to get used to it, I'm sure there is a workaround. The whole point of Apple is that everything should be easier for what they offer so I imagine there's some way to do it. 
Apu: I also got the AirPods Pro lol 
Apu: Apartment looks dope!
Me: Apple products being easier to use is just marketing BS. 
Lol bluetooth headphones are something that I would never get. Especially ones that expensive

Thanks! Couch finally arrived yesterday after 9 weeks 😑 Then got the tv last night.

Apu: I can attest that transferring and setting up was easier going from Note to IPhone then it was pixel to note for some reason. Passwords, dictionary, and previous preferences all transferred way better than the day I needed to bring my note 9 up to speed. I just need to get use to the OS and see how intuitive it is. 
Apu: I actually had beats 3 wireless but they were so uncomfortable in my ear and would keep popping out when exercising even though they have the wrap around design so trying something new 
Apu: Where was the couch from?? Micronesia? 
Me: That's a one time thing. I don't think all daily activities are automatically easier or better on an iPhone. I think the benefits mainly come from being completely in the Apple ecosystem. There are things that Apple does better like imessage. But as you just saw, it does something annoying by putting it in a note format. 
Beats headphones are another thing I would never get lol

It's from USA... MURICA! I actually don't know where it's from lol. But it was out of stock when I ordered it from Ashley home store. Then pandemic delayed things. They are supposedly going to reimburse me the $120 for the shipping.

Me: You sent a picture.
Me: And you thought Rutgers had a chance lol 
Apu: At least we were able to fake it for a game before reverting to RU form 
Apu: ALSO I FIGURED OUT A WORKAROUND SO I CAN RESPOND SOON. Get excited 
Me: It only took PSU beating Michigan for PSU to look a little bit more normal 
I'll believe it when I see it lol 

Apu: I have no idea who's kicking ass in CFB so is that a big W ?
Me: Normally it would be but Michigan sucks this year as well. But I haven't watched any football this season lol
Apu: Great shape and do it for the vigor and exercise, but also yeah she’s climbed Mr Kilimanjaro so also has that experience that makes things like the elevation not so tricky. It took me awhile to connect that it was the elevation that was killing me instead of me just not really hiking as vigorously as she was.
And this is pay disparity as you move up because you can’t clock hours, this is to be expected industry wide? Feel like that inventivizes people to never want to move up? 

Headed to Houston from 1/9 - 2/13! You remember Eileen and Alanna from thanksgiving, they’re joining along with Alanna’s BF and another friend name. Somewhat excited but aslo cautious of people’s attitude in Jan and overreacting to a vaccine leading to less care.

I assume you’re working at a competitive place full of smart people so if you’re around dipshits that’s not impressive, if you’re around similar or higher people and you outperform, then yeah that’s good! 

Those all sound like reasonable investments and while I don’t know your exact financial situation, I imagine you have enough available cash for any other Mexican expense, assuming you have reasonable insurance? Btw have you reached out to any doctors to talk about how you’ve been feeling? I was going to ask you over thanksgiving but didn’t know how much Navid and Soheyl knew?

Evolved middle management! Instead of people just sitting around watching things get done, now it’s hybrid people that need to be able to do both! It’s why I had to learn photoshop and basic VBAs, just some random technical field knowledge so I can actually help 

What are your thoughts on yoga? A few people have told me that besides flexibility, they’ve improved endurance for other exercise too.

Have you told your dr in advance or just tracked it for when you have the appt?

My warmups just range a lot depending on what the apps tell me lol arm circles, jumping jacks, running in place, squats, etc for a certain amount of time or reps. I have yet to find any joy in working out, I’m just assuming I’ll eventually see it. But I do feel weird on the days where I take a break and I have an hour and think oh I should workout but don’t.

Okay so what don’t you want then? Besides maybe some obvious ones.

Based on the way the cabinet is building, maybe he’ll get more progressive as he goes along, or is setup to just walk away in 24 and see if Kamala or someone else steps in.

If you act as unenthusiastically and slowly as I do, don’t need to worry about breaking 

Those shoes were worth losing then if you’re running from a party to fireworks lol

I thought we were talking about you becoming an announcer in robot battles because you’d be able to explain things better than the normal population would, so being able to explain in detail would be helpful 

So the two topics in which facts and data can be misconstrued 😂 I think in both aspects there is a lot of faith required and suspension of your current belief to then hear something new and be okay with, which yeah is very difficult but makes some people easier to deal with.

I will forever know very little but I’m mostly okay with that as long as I don’t get lazy about learning lol 

So you wouldn’t, say, be interested in reading biographies of people who may have POVs that may be scientifically untested but could be worth investigating if people learn more? Not in the antivaxxer way where there’s plenty of information to show the validity of vaccines but what about the impact of something like cloning where people’s anecdotes from their experience are measured against those that disagree with the idea?


Agreed that generalizing key aspects of a large set of people is probably pointless and means very little practically, not a framework that really applies day to day and any decision that is generationally based is probably done in specific groups anyway.

Gotta let the boss know it can’t be done but I’ll see what’s done at 5 cause thems the rules lol they should’ve been a better manager to anticipate needs or Push back in the way an organization is setup

I’ve started a little bit of trading because I think people are going to be very speculative about vaccine movements so a couple dollars get invested and if I make like 2% I’m out lol I just want to get comfortable with a way of thinking first and then learn to pivot. Hell I even looked into investing into art for the long run.

We’re one of the few without a parliamentary system so two parties can really fuck up what a center looks like. Then again, not like anyone else has cracked the code on a balanced approach,

And now to add to this conversation lol there are some apple things I’m still not used too but yeah once I’m in the system throughout, it’ll be easier. The work around foe this is that my messages are now connected to my Messenger App on my iPad and soon to be MacBook so I can just type out there and respond, which hopefully means I can respond quicker lol

Beats ain’t that bad! I’ll forever love Bose but that’s about it for preference 

Good shit on reimbursement, they really should for such a delay and maybe even store credit

Apu: Lmk if that last novel went though 
Me: Yeah it went through lol
Me: Who would you say is in better shape? Her or pre-2020 me? She probably got acclimated to the high elevation. But yeah she could handle it better than you. I've heard that being in better shape doesn't automatically mean you will handle high elevation better if you are not used to high elevation. Apparently someone in good shape could be more likely to get altitude sickness. However, I'm basing this all on someone else. So no clue how much validity there is to it though. 
Well even with that pay disparity, there is still incentive for some (if not most people) to want to move up because 1) it will eventually pay off as you continue to move up (that company was structured like a law firm, so it more than pays off once you can buy into the company, similar to partnership in a law firm) and 2) people may want more of the management type duties rather than engineer type duties. However, a lot of people would leave the company soon after being promoted to project manager. That promotion generally corresponded with getting your professional engineering license, which puts you in high demand in the field. So you get the promotion, and the license, then leave to get the really nice pay bump. 

Nice! Yeah I remember them. That seems somewhat ambitious traveling with that big of a group in the middle of a pandemic. Driving there? What are you going to do in Houston that you can do safely? The vaccine probably won't reach enough of the population until early summer at best. 

It's hard to say. I'm sure that a lot of the people are smart. But there could still be a lot of idiots. The work isn't super collaborative. Most of the collaboration is from checking other people's work for quality assurance. 

I'm doing fairly well financially. I'm happy with how my investments are doing. So yeah I can handle medical expenses as long as they aren't on the order of magnitude of cancer treatments. Not sure what "Mexican expenses" are though lol. I'll be home this weekend. I have an appointment with my hematologist on 12/17 in NYC. I think at this point you know how much Soheyl and Navid know since you were there when I told them lol

Yeah it only evolved because if it didn't, middle management was starting to look like dead weight to upper management lol

I'm not a fan of doing yoga myself. But there are definitely plenty of benefits to doing yoga. A lot of the poses are good for stretching, depending on what muscles you want to stretch. I feel like a lot of the poses strengthen your core. But I'm not convinced that it improves endurance. But strengthening your core does help with pretty much anything athletic. 

I'll just tell the doctor at my appointment. I don't know what they'll really do differently by knowing in advance. 

That's at least a start that working out comes to mind on your days off. Maybe it's a sign things are changing for you in how you perceive working out. 

I feel like my list would just be all of the obvious ones. I feel like all of my relationships each had a bunch of red flags, but I didn't notice them or ignored them when I first got into the relationship. I then quickly noticed them leading to a bunch of short relationships. 

Maybe he will get more progressive. But I'll believe it when I see it. A lot could hinge on where things end up in the senate. If the Dems take the seats in GA, then that would help. But if the Republicans control the senate, then biden might just remain the moderate he has been. He could do a bunch of executive orders, but not sure how much he wants to exploit that and not sure of the limitations there. 

Initially you made it sound like things would be hot and heavy, now they would be slow and unenthusiastic?

Well I wasn't expecting to have to do any running that night. Also, wasn't trying to go barefoot in Barcelona on NYE. There ended up being a lot of garbage and broken bottles on the streets that night. 

I believe the word "participate" or "involved in" were used initially. I don't remember "announcer" ever being used until you just mentioned it. 

I believe religion never deals in facts and politics mostly twists facts. "A lot of faith required" is not a great selling point lol. I'm open to changing my worldview, but that requires well supported facts. 

I think we will always feel that we know very little. That's better than the idiots that think they know everything, but are actually wrong about everything. 

I will read books like biographies for the same reason I enjoy reading fiction: they are good stories. It's important to learn from other people's perspectives. But the books that you described are more trying to push something on you from the anecdotes they tell. Typical biographies are just telling the story of a person's life or an aspect of the person's life. They aren't pushing anything on you. You learn from their experiences, but they are not telling you what you should learn from it. 

Generalizing can be helpful, but in this case, we are just guessing lol. 

Fair enough, but if they were willing to fire you, not sure how flexible of a person they would be. 

I was considering investing in some stocks, not just mutual funds. But it just feels like just a gamble since I don't follow any single company enough to have any good prediction of their future. 

We don't need to have a parlimentary system to allow our system to work with more than two parties. The main things that need to happen is change our voting to ranked choice voting and get rid of the electoral college among other things. 

Yeah you can type out a message quicker on an actual keyboard, but you still have to spend the time responding, which is probably the hardest part for most people. 

Beats are garbage. You are just paying for the name. They became popular because of good marketing. 

They reimbursed me $40 to my credit card. They might give me the remaining $80 as store credit. It depends what corporate decides. I was expecting full $120 refund to my card, but I'll take what I can get.

Me: I'll be home for the next two weeks starting this weekend 😉
Me: Not sure if I'm coming home at all now
Apu: What happened??
Me: Don't think it's smart or safe
Apu: Well certainly can't blame for that, NJ is not looking great 
Me: My mom still wants me to come home 😑
Apu: She works at a hospital ... she thinks it's safe? Or probably just misses you a bunch 
Me: I think her wanting everyone home for Xmas is clouding her thinking about the safety of it
Apu: I guess you could COVID test before you go 
Me: It's not a matter of me getting a Covid test before that would change the safety a significant amount
Apu: Well if you're worried about getting it here, I think that's a bit more manageable but if it's that you could be carrying and bringing it to your family that's the real concern 
Me: I see it the opposite
Apu: How do?
Apu: So
Me: They are more likely to expose me than me expose them. Me exposing them is more manageable to mitigate because I can get tested before driving up. But them getting tested doesn't help me much because my mom and sister work at a hospital. So even if their first test before I come home is negative, there would still be plenty of time for them to get Covid while I'm home. Them getting subsequent tests wouldn't be able to protect me from that exposure.
Apu: Uh definitely you lol I don’t think she’s as consistent as you are when it comes to tracking your health so you definitely have the advantage. Happy to set-up a race to the top of a random mountain to test it out though. My guess would be defining what’s good shape because someone could have generally poor health but if they have naturally strong lungs or have focused primarily on building them up, that’s the factor. 
That structure actually makes a lot more sense now that you’ve explained it a bit more, maybe I’ll see a similar set-up lol how long do you need to get a professional engineering license?
 
I feel pretty confident in this group considering the attitude we’ve all had about it, which is to keep distance and staying clean and since we’re all together for an extended period of time, it should be easier to track. When it comes to exploring HOU, I think it’ll be big enough that we can easily avoid people, still get some restaurant food for takeout and see what they have, and then there’s just general exploring in warmer weather. That said, if things worsen for them in that first week of Jan, we’d probably cancel but it should be pretty easy to stay secluded from everyone but still be with a different group of people than my family.
 
Do you feel any pride in employee of the month then?
 
Mexican expenses is just code for taco bell, always have to have money stored away just in case! I more meant about therapy and your anxiety, how have you been feeling?
 
I have tried adding like 5-7 minutes of Yoga a few times during the week and today’s exercise felt as easy as it’s ever been so I think there is some improvement but youre probably right that it’s probably for strengthening key muscles instead of general endurance. And yeah maybe my perception is changing but on the whole but it’s still feel like a chore to do, I just now accept it’s necessary lol
 
What are the obvious ones? Some people put up with more than they should, some people have limited patience, so where do you think you fit on that scale?
 
I think he’ll be limited on executive orders, he’s a life long politician so he probably has a little to much respect for the office and his friends in Congress to start overriding the process just to see his ideas come through.
 
If it’s heavy, how fast can you go..it’s gonna be slow! And things can be hot and unenthusiastic. There are plenty of very attractive women that I may not be so enthusiastic to be with!
 
I see Barcelona has no respect for it’s own streets!
 
True I did say involved but I was trying to walk about it in a way to show that you would be explaining it to people because non-STEM people, not people who were already participating, because they know it. My point was that in the way you had explained the machinery was simple enough to get across so getting involved so that a general audience could understand, that’s the key skill, hence the Tony Romo comparison.
 
Do you think the facts you’re looking to confirm can be adequately answered or is there a point that enough is answered that it’s not a huge leap of faith to feel comfortable?
 
Maybe not explicitly but I think things like biographies or really any stories are trying to convince you of something. They’re trying to get you to see the POV of the characters to have you react. Especially with biographies, that are trying to prop up or tear down the person they’re writing about, which is easy on both because people worth writing about are naturally complex, as most people are. So even if I read something that said to try X, Y, Z, to me that’s fine because it’s still up to the reader to think critically about it and see what’s worth taking away. I guess them being transparent about a specific POV doesn’t bother me as much.
 
If they’re already willing to fire people because they followed the rules their set, I care even less about the structure in which they decided to build their company cause clearly its flawed lol it just means gotta take advantage of it while you can.
 
I was considering investing in some stocks, not just mutual funds. But it just feels like just a gamble since I don't follow any single company enough to have any good prediction of their future.
 
I think it’s just another way to diversify how your money grows, I’m fully expecting we have some alternative or just very low social security by the time we’re 67 so the more places that can build some wealth that can get me through the twilight years, the better.
 
We don't need to have a parlimentary system to allow our system to work with more than two parties. The main things that need to happen is change our voting to ranked choice voting and get rid of the electoral college among other things.
 
Agree on the electoral college but we’re a long ways away from ranked choice voting. But would that really bring our spectrum to a more accurate representation of what’s considered conservative/liberal thinking? Unless there are multiple parties that can bring combinations of policies that are different enough from the two main parties, how would ranking them make a difference? Unless you’re under the assumption that if people could rank choices, they’d be educated enough to know the other options out there and rank everyone realistically that the more extreme versions get knocked out early and eventually we’re down to a few moderate candidates?
 
This was much easier to respond to now that my laptop is set-up lol
 
I can say I don’t really know the difference between really high quality headphones vs like $20 skullcandy ones lol they mostly sound the same and I mostly use it for calls so I can do things while chatting with people so I usually look for good placement in my ear and long battery life.
 
Any chance that discount is continuously worth fighting for? $80 of store credit probably doesn’t get you much?
 
True that they’re in the hospital and around it a lot but at this point, could assume they have a lot of experience in the precautions to make sure they don’t get infected but I think it’s still reasonable not to bring it around them for both sides.

Me: She would probably have the advantage over me in my current form haha. Yeah it depends what you define as good shape. A body builder is in great shape, but I would kick their butt on a run. But in the context of hiking, good lungs and strong legs are both required. So it sounds like pre-2020 me would have the advantage over her lol
I was not expecting an engineering firm to be setup like a law firm. Well you would need to get at least a BS in structural engineering. Then take the fundamentals of engineering (FE) exam. Then work for 4 years, then you can take the PE exam. But it has a low pass rate. And now, a lot of engineering companies are requiring the structural engineering (SE) exam as well. This has an even lower pass rate, and is twice as long of an exam as the PE.

Are you guys all self quarantining for two weeks before the trip? Find stuff to safely do in a city sounds tough. There would be a lot that you wouldn't be able to do in any city right now. 

I don't really feel pride necessarily from either award. It was just nice to be recognized. 

Hahaha I'm not worried about fitting taco bell into my budget. I was getting somewhat nervous about my lungs because of how slowly my runs are improving. But I felt a little more optimistic last week after my last run because I increased it to 4.4 miles and I felt better after the run than previous recent runs. It was still the same slower pace though. In terms of anxiety, the holidays have caused me the most anxiety over the past week or two. 

5-7 minutes is a good start. But is that enough? Yoga classes tend to be an hour. Not saying you need to do an hour of yoga. 5-7 minutes is like a pose or two. Saying "accept" makes it sound like you are on one of those 12 step plans to recovery lol

Some obvious ones are: overly judgemental, immature, crazy, Republican, annoying, lack of shared interests. I tend to put up with more than I should. 

Yeah I agree with that interpretation. But Obama did use a decent amount of executive orders, so Biden might use a few more than we might expect. 

But if you think I should be in a full suit condom, I thought you would be beyond enthusiastic about the whole situation. 

No, they just know how to party and they love to party lol

Ahhh I see. I will take the complement. So thank you. That's actually quite the complement if you tie in an Einstein quote, "if you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough". However, not sure if I would enjoy a job like that. I think I might get too frustrated. 

I can be comfortable with the latter, but prefer the former. The ironic thing is that I'm really interested in quantum physics, but not enough is known in physics for either of those to apply lol.

You take it as being transparent, but I take it as pushing something like an agenda. Reading a biography on Theodore Roosevelt will have a vastly different feel to it than a book that says try X, Y and Z. 

But working overtime isn't against their rules. Working overtime is just against the incentives put in place. But there are no rules that you are not allowed to work overtime. 

Why did you copy and paste what I said about stocks? Lol
I agree that it's another way to diversify, but mutual funds cover a wide range of stocks, just in one fund. 

There are states that already started using rank choice voting. Rank choice voting eliminates the spoiler vote. It allows other parties to grow because people wouldn't have to worry about wasting a vote on a party other than the current two. With ranked choice voting, you could've voted libertarian, but then have Democrat as 2nd and Republican as 3rd. As more parties grow, the political spectrum should diversify and grow. There would be no reason the growing parties would automatically be knocked out early. Jorgensen still got 1.2% of the popular vote. It would have been higher with ranked choice voting. It would take time for rank choice voting to produce significant change because people would need to be educated on it, they would be skeptical at first, and new parties need time to grow. 

I imagine easier, but you forgot to delete some of my responses from your thread lol

If you can't tell the difference, why spend money on expensive headphones?

Not worth it. I could find something from the store that I will need, like a set of sheets for the queen pull out mattress. 

Knowing the precautions will only get you so far. The infection rates among healthcare workers is probably one of the highest among different population groups. Might as well play it safe for Christmas. I was at least home for Thanksgiving.